                                                                           STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                                 No. 42932   7



                                                            Government Notices • Goewermentskennisgewings
                                                                            GOVERNMENT NOTICE

                                                                               DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                                                                              Home Affairs, Department of/ Binnelandse Sake, Departement van




                                                                            DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                      No. R. _______                                                                                                                                     2019
NO. R. 1707                                                                                                                                                           27 DECEMBER 2019
R. 1707   Refugees Act (130/1998): Refugees Regulations		                                                                                                      42932




                                                                        REFUGEES ACT, 1998 (ACT NO. 130 OF 1998)
                                                                                   REFUGEES REGULATIONS


                     I, Dr P A Motsoaledi, the Minister of Home Affairs has, in terms of section 38 of the Refugees Act,
                     1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998), made the Regulations in the Schedule.

                                                                                             SCHEDULE

                     Definitions
                     1. In these Regulations a word or expression to which a meaning has been assigned in the Act
                     bears the meaning so assigned and unless the context otherwise indicates―

                      “appeal determination” means a determination by the Refugee Appeals Authority in accordance
                     with section 8C(2) of the Act, either based on oral evidence following an inquisitorial process, or
                     determined on the papers comprising the application for appeal, or both;
                     “appellant” means a person who, within the stipulated period referred to in regulation 16(1)(a),
                     lodges an appeal to the Refugee Appeals Authority in terms of section 24B(1), based on the
                     outcome of the determination hearing;
                     “educational institution”, in relation to asylum seekers, means a school as defined in the South
                     African Schools Act, 1996 (Act No. 84 of 1996) where basic education is offered;
                     “foreigner” means any person who is not a citizen of the Republic;
                     “health establishment” means a health establishment contemplated in section 5 of the Mental
                     Health Care Act, 2002 (Act No. 17 of 2002);
                     “Hearing before Refugee Status Determination Officer” means one or more interviews between
                     an asylum seeker and a Refugee Status Determination Officer which is recorded either digitally or
                     otherwise, and which is intended to determine whether or not the applicant may be granted refugee
                     status in the Republic as contemplated in section 24(3) of the Act;
                     “Identification Act” means the Identification Act, 1997 (Act No. 68 of 1997);
                     “marriage certificate”, for purposes of these regulations, means a certificate issued after a
                     marriage is recorded on the National Population Register in accordance with the laws governing
                     marriages in the Republic;




                                                                   This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
8   No. 42932                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                             2

       “notarial agreement” means a formal written agreement entered into by two parties to a
       monogamous homosexual or heterosexual relationship setting out the terms of their relationship
       and which is notarized by a South African Notary Public;
       “paternity test” means a test conducted, using the deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) of a mother,
       child and father, to establish whether or not a man or woman is the biological father or mother of
       such child;
       “person with mental disability” means a person who suffers from mental illness as defined in the
       Mental Health Care Act, 2002 (Act No. 17 of 2002);
       “South African Passport and Travel Documents Act” means the South African Passport and
       Travel Documents Act, 1994 (Act No. 4 of 1994);
       “the Act” means the Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998); and
       “unaccompanied child” means a child under the age of 18 who is not accompanied by his or her
       biological parents or adoptive parents or legal guardian.

       Authenticity and termination of marriage
       2. (1) The existence of a marriage contemplated in paragraph (b) of the definition of “spouse” in
       section 1 of the Act must be proved, to the satisfaction of the Director-General, by a party to that
       marriage.
       (2) In determining the authenticity of a marriage declared at the time of making an application for
       asylum, the Refugee Status Determination Officer or any other authorised official of the Department
       must—
         (a)    authenticate the marriage certificate; and
         (b)    conduct an interview with both the parties to the marriage to ascertain the existence of a
                genuine marriage relationship.
       (3) Notwithstanding subregulation 2(a), where a marriage was concluded outside of the Republic,
       and where an original marriage certificate is unavailable, the parties to such a marriage shall submit
       an affidavit indicating the vital details of their marriage, including the date and place of the
       solemisation of the marriage, prior to being interviewed as contemplated in subregulation 2(b).
       (4) When conducting the interview contemplated in subregulation 2(b) both parties must be
       interviewed separately, on the same date, by the same Refugee Status Determination Officer or
       other authorized official to determine the existence of a genuine marriage relationship, and the
       outcome of such interviews shall, notwithstanding the production of an authentic marriage certificate
       or affidavit, be regarded as definitive for the purposes of the relevant application.
       (5) Either spouse to a marriage must—
         (a)    in the case of divorce, submit a copy of the divorce order; or
         (b)    in the case of death, submit a copy of the death certificate,




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                              No. 42932   9




                                                       3

 in person to the Refugee Reception Office within six months of the occurrence of the relevant
 event, failing which any dependant spouse may be dealt with as an illegal foreigner in terms of the
 provisions of the Immigration Act.
(6) Any person contemplated in section 21B(4) of the Act may, upon providing the notification as
required in subregulation (5), forthwith apply to continue to remain in the Republic for a period
coinciding with the remaining period of his or her asylum seeker visa or certificate of refugee status
and in accordance with Form 2 (DHA-1590) and must forthwith, notwithstanding the provisions of
section 21(1)(a) of the Act,─
 (a)     apply in person for asylum at the Refugee Reception Office where his or her asylum seeker
         visa or certificate of refugee status was issued; or
 (b)     depart the Republic,
failing which such person must be dealt with as an illegal foreigner in terms of the provisions of the
Immigration Act.
(7) Both parties to a marriage who have been issued with an asylum seeker visa or granted refugee
status in terms of the Act must, at the renewal of his or her asylum seeker visa or refugee status, as
the case may be, inform the Refugee Status Determination Officer whether or not the marriage still
exists by submitting to the Refugee Status Determination Officer an affidavit on a Form substantially
corresponding to Form 1 contained in the Annexure.

Authenticity and notification of termination of permanent homosexual or heterosexual
relationship
3. (1) The existence of a permanent homosexual or heterosexual relationship contemplated in
paragraph (b) of the definition of “spouse” in section 1 of the Act must be proved, to the satisfaction
of the Director-General, by a party to that relationship.
(2) The onus rests with any person claiming a permanent homosexual or heterosexual relationship
to produce evidence of the existence of such permanent relationship in regard to subregulation (1).
(3) In determining the authenticity of a permanent homosexual or heterosexual relationship declared
at the time of submitting an application for asylum, the Refugee Status Determination Officer or any
other authorized official of the Department must—
 (a)     authenticate the notarial agreement signed by both parties; and
 (b)     conduct an interview with both parties to the relationship to determine the existence of a
         genuine permanent relationship.
(4) When conducting the interview contemplated in subregulation 3(b) both parties must be
interviewed separately, on the same date, by the same Refugee Status Determination Officer or
other authorized official and the determination made arising from such interview, shall,




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
10   No. 42932                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                4

       notwithstanding the production of an authentic notarial agreement, be definitive for the purposes of
       the relevant application.
       (5) Both parties to a homosexual or heterosexual relationship who have been issued with an asylum
       seeker visa or granted refugee status in terms of the Act must, at the renewal of his or her asylum
       seeker visa or refugee status, as the case may be, inform the Refugee Status Determination Officer
       whether or not the good faith relationship still exists by submitting to the Refugee Status
       Determination Officer an affidavit on a Form substantially corresponding to Form 1 contained in the
       Annexure.
       (6) Either party to a permanent homosexual or heterosexual relationship must─
         (a)      in the case of termination of relationship, submit an affidavit indicating that the relationship
                  has been terminated; and
         (b)      in the case of death, submit a copy of the death certificate,
         in person to the Refugee Reception Office within six months of the occurrence of the relevant
         event.
       (7) The provisions of regulation 2(6) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a dependent spouse in a
       permanent heterosexual or homosexual relationship.

       Cessation of refugee status
       4. (1) The circumstances as contemplated in section 5(1)(a) of the Act in terms of which a person
       may be deemed to have re-availed himself or herself of the protection of the country of his or her
       origin, nationality or residence shall, amongst others, relate to where such person voluntarily―
         (a)      seeks consular services at any diplomatic mission representing his or her country of origin
                  or nationality;
         (b)      applies for any assistance or official document, such as a travel document or citizenship
                  related document, at any diplomatic mission representing his or her country of origin or
                  nationality whether in the Republic or any other country;
         (c)      avails himself or herself of any assistance of any State official or State institution
                  associated with or in his or her country of origin or nationality;
         (d)      presents himself or herself on the premises of any diplomatic mission representing his or
                  her country of origin or nationality in the Republic or in any other territory;
         (e)      travels abroad other than with a refugee travel document issued in terms of section 31 of
                  the Act;
         (f)      applies for and receives any benefit afforded to citizens of his or her country of nationality;
         (g)      stands for political office or votes in any election in respect of his or her country of
                  nationality, without the approval of the Minister;




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                               No. 42932   11




                                                             5

 (h)          whether through a port of entry of or irregularly enters the territory of his or her country of
              origin or nationality or countries where he or she previously resided prior to entering the
              Republic to apply for asylum or takes measures or prepares to do so;
 (i)          participates in any political campaign or activity related to his or her country of origin or
              nationality whilst in the Republic without the permission of the Minister; or
 (j)          travels abroad in violation of the conditions endorsed on his or her refugee travel
              document.
(2) No refugee or asylum seeker may participate in any political activity or campaign in furtherance
of any political party or political interests in the Republic.
(3) The Standing Committee may withdraw the refugee status of any person who participated in any
political activity or campaign in furtherance of any political party or political interests in the Republic,
or who has been found to have acted as contemplated in subregulation (1).
(4) Any person whose refugee status has been withdrawn shall be dealt with as an illegal foreigner
in terms of the provisions of the Immigration Act.

Standing Committee for Refugee Affairs
5. (1) The Standing Committee may determine its own procedure and make its own rules which may
not be in conflict with the provisions of the Act.
(2) Rules made under subregulation (1) must be published in the Gazette.
(3)(a) The Standing Committee must determine―
       (i)      the conditions under which qualifying asylum seekers may be employed or study; and
       (ii)     the sectors within which an asylum seeker is not permitted to work or study,
       in the Republic whilst awaiting the outcome of his or her application for asylum.
(b) The Standing Committee may, from time to time, publish in the Gazette the list of sectors in
which asylum seekers may not be employed or study.

Integrity measures
6. (1) All members and administrative staff of the Standing Committee, Refugee Appeals Authority
and all members of staff at any Refugee Reception Office, including persons who perform any
function in such Office, but who are not employed by the Department, must―
 (a)          at the request of the Director-General, submit themselves to—
              (i)    any interview relating to establishing integrity; or
              (ii)   an interview arising from a reasonable suspicion of undue gratification, fraud,
                     corruption or any crime of which dishonesty is an element;
 (b)          complete any disclosure form required, which disclosure shall be updated from time to
              time; and




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
12   No. 42932                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                  6

         (c)     from time to time, as determined by the Director-General, submit to a polygraph test.
       (2) When gathering information contemplated in section 20A(2)(a) of the Act in order to establish the
       integrity of a person as contemplated in section 20A(1) of the Act, such person will be required to
       disclose, to a duly authorised person, information regarding his or her―
         (a)     interview, conduct, association or consultation with any person during the course of his or
                 her tenure with the Department;
         (b)     assets, liabilities, gifts, donations, loans or any benefits received or derived during such
                 tenure;
         (c)     involvement with or implication in any criminal act, matter or investigation or any pending
                 criminal case or conviction; and
         (d)     any pending or finalised civil judgment.
       (3) Any information on personal finances, gifts or health records and history related to members of
       staff, and their family in relation to terminal health, at any Refugee Reception Office or members of
       the Standing Committee and Refugee Appeals Authority, shall be held securely and may only be
       accessed by the Director-General, an authorised official of the Department, an officer of the South
       African Police Service or any other authorised law enforcement officer.
       (4) The Director-General must—
         (a)     take the necessary steps to ensure that any information gathered in accordance with this
                 regulation, including the information contemplated in section 20A(2) of the Act, is stored in
                 such a secure manner as would preclude access to such information by a person or
                 authority other than those referred to in section 20A(3)(b) of the Act, read with
                 subregulation (3); and
         (b)     keep, maintain and safeguard the information obtained in accordance with this regulation.
       (5) The records contemplated in this regulation, read with section 20A of the Act, shall be stored for
       the duration of employment of any concerned member of staff at any Refugee Reception Office or
       members of the Standing Committee and Refugee Appeals Authority and shall be archived within 5
       years of the member leaving the employ of the Department, the Standing Committee or the Refugee
       Appeals Authority.

       Asylum transit visa
       7. Any person who intends to apply for asylum must declare his or her intention, while at a port of
       entry, before entering the Republic and provide his or her biometrics and other relevant data as
       required, including―
         (a)     fingerprints;
         (b)     photograph;
         (c)     names and surname;




                                 This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                               STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                              No. 42932   13




                                                        7

 (d)     date of birth and age;
 (e)     nationality or origin; and
 (f)     habitual place of residence prior to travelling to the Republic.
 and must be issued with an asylum transit visa contemplated in section 23 of the Immigration Act.

Application for asylum
8. (1) An application for asylum in terms of section 21 of the Act must―
 (a)     be made in person by the applicant upon reporting to a Refugee Reception Office or on a
         date allocated to such a person upon reporting to the Refugee Reception Office;
 (b)     be made in a form substantially corresponding with Form 2 (DHA-1590) contained in the
         Annexure;
 (c)     be submitted together with―
         (i)     a valid asylum transit visa issued at a port of entry in terms of section 23 of the
                 Immigration Act, or under permitted circumstances, a valid visa issued in terms of the
                 Immigration Act;
         (ii)    proof of any form of a valid identification document: Provided that if the applicant
                 does not have proof of a valid identification document, a declaration of identity must
                 be made in writing before an immigration officer; and
         (iii)   the biometrics of the applicant, including any dependant.
(2) Any person who submits a visa other than an asylum transit visa issued in terms of section 23 of
the Immigration Act must provide proof of change of circumstances in the period between the date
of issue of the visa and the date of application for asylum.
(3) Any person who upon application for asylum fails at a Refugee Reception Office to produce a
valid visa issued in terms of the Immigration Act must prior to being permitted to apply for asylum,
show good cause for his or her illegal entry or stay in the Republic as contemplated in Article 31(1)
of the 1951 United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees.
(4) A judicial officer must require any foreigner appearing before the court, who indicates his or her
intention to apply for asylum, to show good cause as contemplated in subregulation (3).
(5) An applicant must indicate his or her language of proficiency on Form 2 (DHA-1590), which
language will be presumed to be the language which the applicant understands.
(6) All information contained on Form 2 (DHA-1590) or any documentation submitted together with,
or in support of, the application for asylum, is binding on the applicant and may not be amended.
(7) A Refugee Status Determination Officer may require any person who made an assertion in his or
her application for asylum, to furnish him or her with proof or corroboration of the correctness of the
assertion.




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
14   No. 42932                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                8

       (8) If at any stage a Refugee Status Determination Officer reasonably suspects that a child, who
       has been declared a dependant in any application for asylum, has been trafficked or smuggled into
       the Republic, he or she may require proof of relationship in the form of the results of a paternity test,
       and must refer such child to into the care of a representative of the Department of Social
       Development.
       (9) Any person who fails to declare a dependant child as contemplated in section 21(2A) and
       subsequently returns to the Refugee Reception Office to make a claim in terms of section 3(c) of the
       Act on behalf of such dependant child, he or she shall be required to provide proof of relationship in
       the form of the results of a paternity test, failing which, such child shall be dealt with as an
       unaccompanied child as contemplated in regulation 10.
       (10) When required to do so by a Refugee Status Determination Officer, the principal asylum seeker
       or a dependant must provide proof of their relationship.
       (11) Each dependant included on an asylum application shall be issued an asylum seeker visa and
       must comply with the terms of the visa.
       (12) Any dependant of an asylum seeker contemplated in section 3(c) of the Act must appear in
       person for a hearing before a Refugee Status Determination Officer.

       Abandoned application
       9. (1) The endorsement by the Standing Committee of an application as an abandoned application
       as contemplated in section 22(12) of the Act must be made on Form 3 contained in the Annexure.
       (2) The Refugee Reception Office Manager shall refer or cause an abandoned application to be
       referred following an endorsement by the Standing Committee as contemplated in subregulation (1),
       to an immigration officer to deal with such a person as contemplated in section 22(13) of the Act.
       (3) Compelling reasons as contemplated in section 22(12) of the Act shall relate to—
         (a)     entry into a Witness Protection Programme;
         (b)     quarantine;
         (c)     arrest without bail; or
         (d)     any other similar compelling reasons,
       and must be supported by documentary evidence.

       Unaccompanied child and person with mental disability
       10. (1) An unaccompanied child must forthwith be referred to the Department of Social
       Development to be assisted in accordance with the provisions of the Children’s Act, 2005 (Act No.
       38 of 2005), and where necessary, after an investigation by a social worker into the status and
       circumstances of the child, may be assisted by a person appointed by the Children’s court to act on




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                              STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                               No. 42932   15




                                                       9

behalf of such child to apply for asylum where such person is a person envisaged in section 3 of the
Act.
(2) Where it is apparent from the circumstances that an unaccompanied child is an asylum seeker
as contemplated in section 3 of the Act, an asylum seeker visa shall be issued and handed to the
representative of the Department of Social Development, in whose care such child is entrusted.
(3) A person with a mental disability contemplated in section 21A(2) of the Act must forthwith be
referred a relevant health establishment to be assisted in terms of the Mental Health Care Act,
2002, and where necessary, after an investigation by a representative of the health establishment
into the status and circumstances of the person with mental disability, may be assisted by a next-of-
kin or person appointed by the competent court to apply for asylum where such person is a person
envisaged in section 3 of the Act.
(4) Where unless it is apparent from the circumstances that a person contemplated in subregulation
(3) is an asylum seeker as contemplated in section 3 of the Act, an asylum seeker visa shall be
issued and handed to the representative of the health establishment, in whose care such a person
is entrusted.
(5) The Director-General must, on referral of an unaccompanied child or a person with mental
disability to the Department of Social Development or the relevant health establishment, record the
name of the official who received the child or person with mental disability, in the register
contemplated in subregulation (6).
(6) The Director-General must keep a register of unaccompanied children and persons with mental
disability who are referred to the Department of Social Development or any relevant health
establishment, as the case may be.
(7) Any person claiming to be an adoptive parent or legal guardian of a child must provide proof of
relationship to the satisfaction of the Director-General.

Termination of dependency of children of asylum seekers and refugees
11. (1) Any person contemplated in section 21B(3A) of the Act must within six months of the
termination of dependency, and notwithstanding the provisions of section 21(1)(a), apply in person
for asylum at the Refugee Reception Office where his or she asylum seeker visa was issued.
(2) Any person contemplated in section 21B(3) of the Act must, within six months of termination of
dependency, apply to the Refugee Status Determination Officer, on a Form substantially
corresponding to Form 4 contained in the Annexure, to be permitted to continue to remain in the
Republic for a period coinciding with the remaining period of his or her certificate of refugee status,
and must forthwith apply for asylum, notwithstanding the provisions of section 21(1)(a) of the Act.




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
16   No. 42932                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                               10

       (3) Any person who fails to apply as contemplated in subregulation (1) or (2) or whose application
       has been refused must forthwith depart the Republic, failing which such person must be dealt with
       as an illegal foreigner in terms of the Immigration Act.

       Asylum seeker visa
       12. (1) A visa in terms of section 22 of the Act shall be issued to an applicant on a Form
       substantially corresponding to Form 5 contained in the Annexure.
       (2) A visa contemplated in subregulation (1) shall contain―
         (a)     the conditions upon which asylum seekers may―
                 (i)    temporarily reside in the Republic; and
                 (ii)   where appropriate, seek employment and obtain basic education; and
         (b)     the obligations and rights of the holder thereof;
         (c)     a requirement for the applicant to appear in person for each scheduled appointment; and
         (d)     the consequences of failure to comply with any of the conditions of the visa or instructions
                 issued by the Refugee Status Determination Officer or any other authorised official of the
                 Refugee Reception Office.
       (3) An asylum seeker visa may be issued to a failed asylum seeker upon service of a notice of
       motion indicating an application for judicial review: Provided that such visa may be issued for a
       period not exceeding 30 days at a time.
       (4) An asylum seeker must at all times be in possession of the original visa, issued in terms of
       section 22 of the Act, as proof of his or her legal status in the Republic.
       (5) Prior to issuing any right to seek employment to any asylum seeker, an assessment
       contemplated in section 22(6) of the Act must be completed on a Form substantially corresponding
       to Parts A3 and B3 of Form DHA-1590 contained in the Annexure to establish such person’s ability
       to sustain himself or herself and any dependants.
       (6) The letter of employment contemplated in section 22(9) of the Act shall be on a Form
       substantially corresponding to Form 6 contained in the Annexure.
       (7) The letter of enrolment at an educational institution contemplated in section 22(9) of the Act shall
       be on a Form substantially corresponding to Form 7 contained in the Annexure.
       (8) Any extension of an asylum seeker visa must be made at the Refugee Reception Office where
       the application was submitted.

       Withdrawal of asylum seeker visa
       13. (1) The Director-General must, before withdrawing an asylum seeker visa as contemplated in
       section 22(5) of the Act—
         (a)     notify the asylum seeker in question, in writing, of his or her intention to withdraw such visa;




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                              STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                 No. 42932   17




                                                      11

 (b)      provide the asylum seeker with reasons, in writing, for such withdrawal; and
 (c)      notify the asylum seeker of his or her right to make written representations within seven
          working days of receipt of the notification contemplated in paragraph (a).
(2) The Director-General must, after consideration of the representations referred to in
subregulation 2(c), in writing; furnish the asylum seeker with the final decision regarding the
withdrawal of the asylum seeker visa.
(3) The Director-General must withdraw an asylum seeker visa following an order by the Minister
contemplated in section 28(2) of the Act and, notwithstanding the provisions of any other law,
forthwith facilitate the removal of such asylum seeker from the Republic.


Hearing before Refugee Status Determination Officer
14. (1) Except for cases decided under section 35(1) of the Act, any application for asylum must be
determined after an interview before the Refugee Status Determination Officer.
(2) An applicant for asylum must, on any specified date and time, report in person for an interview
before the Refugee Status Determination Officer in respect of his or her application.
(3) The Refugee Status Determination Officer must, before the commencement of any hearing,
inform the asylum seeker of the procedure to be followed in considering his or her application for
asylum.
(4) The proceedings of any interview must be recorded.
(5) During the interview, the Refugee Status Determination Officer may—
 (a)      require further information, evidence or clarification from the asylum seeker; and
 (b)      require further information, evidence, clarification or corroboration from any other relevant
          person, body or source.
(6) In deciding the application, the Refugee Status Determination Officer―
 (a)      must test any claim made by an applicant for asylum against any information, evidence,
          research or documents at the disposal of the Refugee Status Determination Officer;
 (b)      must determine and record the outcome of the application in accordance with section 24(3)
          of the Act; and
 (c)      may obtain legal advice, where necessary;
 (d)      may consider the decisions of the Standing Committee and Refugee Appeals Authority; or
 (e)      may consider any other relevant information.
(7) The record of the interview and a copy of the reasons referred to in section 24(3)(b) of the Act
must, within five working days of the date of rejection, be submitted to the Standing Committee for
review in terms of section 24A of the Act.




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
18   No. 42932                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                12

        (8) Any asylum seeker must report in person to the Refugee Reception Office where his or her
       application for asylum was made, to receive, in writing, the outcome of his or her application.


       Review of applications
       15. (1) The Standing Committee must, in terms of section 24A(4) of the Act─
         (a)     inform the Refugee Reception Office concerned of its decision contemplated in section
                 24(3)(b) of the Act; and
         (b)     record such decision on the relevant system used for the management of asylum seekers
                 and refugees on a Form substantially corresponding to Form 8 (DHA-1691) contained in
                 the Annexure.
        (2) Any decision made by the Standing Committee shall be issued to an asylum seeker at the
       Refugee Reception Office where the application for asylum was submitted.

       Appeals to Refugee Appeals Authority
       16. (1) An appeal in terms of section 24B(1) of the Act must—
         (a)     be submitted within 10 working days of receipt of the letter of rejection from the Refugee
                 Status Determination Officer;
         (b)     state the grounds for the appeal; and
         (c)     be submitted on a Form substantially corresponding to Form 9 (RAA-01) contained in the
                 Rules of the Refugee Appeals Authority.
       (2) Failure to lodge an appeal as referred to in subregulation (1) shall result in the decision of the
       Refugee Status Determination Officer being considered as a final decision.
       (3) An asylum seeker who fails to lodge an appeal within the period referred to in subregulation (1)
       due to—
         (a)     institutionalisation;
         (b)     entry into a Witness Protection Programme;
         (c)     quarantine;
         (d)     arrest without bail; or
         (e)     any other similar compelling reasons,
       must make an application for condonation, supported by documentary evidence, in accordance with
       the Rules of the Refugee Appeals Authority.
       (4) An asylum seeker who has failed to lodge an appeal or whose appeal has been rejected must
       be referred to an immigration officer to be dealt with as an illegal foreigner in terms of the provisions
       of the Immigration Act.
       (5) Any asylum seeker who, having been called to appear at an appeal determination by the
       Refugee Appeals Authority, fails to appear at the appointed date and time, may have his or her




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                              STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                               No. 42932   19




                                                      13

appeal determined on the basis of documents already before the Refugee Appeals Authority at the
discretion of the presiding member of the Refugee Appeals Authority.

Formal recognition of refugee status
17. (1) For purposes of these regulations, a formal recognition of refugee status referred to in
section 27(a) of the Act, shall be a certificate of recognition of refugee status on a Form
substantially corresponding to Form 10 (DHA-1693) contained in the Annexure.
(2) Upon being granted refugee status, a refugee, and where applicable his or her dependants,
must be issued, in person, with a certificate of recognition as a refugee.
(3) The certificate contemplated in subregulation (1) will be valid for a period of four years from the
date on which it is issued, unless the refugee status of the holder is withdrawn or ceased in terms of
the Act, prior to the expiry date.
(4) A refugee must apply for renewal of the certificate contemplated in subregulation (1) at least 90
days prior to the expiry thereof.

Identity document
18. (1) Any refugee who is 16 years or older must, immediately upon receipt of his or her certificate
of recognition of refugee status, apply for an identity card or document on a Form substantially
corresponding to Form 11 (DHA-1687) contained in the Annexure.
(2) An application for an identity card or document must be accompanied by—
 (a)     a copy of the applicant’s certificate referred to in regulation 17; and
 (b)     the biometrics that conform to the identity specifications contemplated in the Identification
         Act.
(3) The identity card or document contemplated in subregulation (1) must be endorsed with a
validity date corresponding to the date on the certificate referred to in regulation 17.
(4) A fee, as contemplated in the Identification Act, shall be charged for any application for a re-
issue of a lost, stolen or damaged identity document or card.

Travel documents for refugees
19. (1) An application for a travel document must be made on a Form substantially corresponding to
Form 12 (DHA-1705) contained in the Annexure.
(2) An application contemplated in subregulation (1) must be accompanied by―
 (a)       a copy of the applicant’s certificate of recognition as a refugee, referred to in regulation
           17, which must be valid for a period not less than 180 days at the time of submission of
           the application for a refugee travel document;




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
20   No. 42932                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                              14

         (b)      a copy of a valid identity card or document issued to a refugee in terms of section 30 of
                  the Act; and
         (c)      the biometrics of the refugee as contemplated in the South African Passport and Travel
                  Documents Act.
       (3) A travel document issued to a refugee may contain such endorsements and conditions
       considered necessary.
       (4) An application for a refugee travel document by a person who is under the age of 16 years, must
       be made with the assistance of the applicant’s parents or legal guardian and must be accompanied
       by—
         (a)     where applicable, a copy of the birth certificate of such person;
         (b)     a copy of the certificate as contemplated in regulation 17 which was issued to such person;
                 and
         (c)     the biometrics of the refugee as contemplated in the South African Passport and Travel
                 Documents Act.
       (5) In the case of children in alternative care as defined in the Children’s Act, 2005, an application
       for a travel document must, in addition to the requirements contemplated in subregulation (2), be
       accompanied by a certified copy of the authorisation letter from the Provincial Head of the
       Department of Social Development where the child resides.
       (6) A fee, as contemplated in the South African Passport and Travel Documents Act, shall be
       charged for any application for a travel document.

       Surrender of documents
       20. (1) Where refugee status of a person is withdrawn or cease in terms of the Act, any documents
       issued to such a person in terms of regulations 17, 18 and 19 must be surrendered by such person
       to an authorised official upon receipt of notification of termination of refugee status.
       (2) A refugee whose documents have been surrendered must be dealt with in terms of the
       provisions of the Immigration Act.

       Detention and removal of refugees and asylum seekers relating to national security threat
       21. (1) The Minister may issue an order contemplated in section 28(1) of the Act requiring the
       Director-General to immediately detain and remove, from the Republic, any asylum seeker or
       refugee named in such order.
       (2) Upon receipt of the order issued by the Minister in terms of subregulation (1), the Director-
       General―
           (a)   must forthwith withdraw any asylum seeker visa or certificate of recognition of refugee
                 status, identity document or card or travel document issued to any person named in order;




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                              STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                No. 42932   21




                                                      15

   (b)   must forthwith submit a copy of the order to a representative of the UNHCR;
   (c)   may enlist the assistance of any law enforcement officer or structure to trace, arrest, and
         detain the person;
  (d)    may collaborate with any state officer or any other person to transport the person to any
         destination within the Republic, and to remove the person from the territory of the Republic;
         and
  (e)    may take any steps necessary to execute the order, including contracting the services of
         any private service provider.
(3) The UNHCR may, upon receipt of the notification contemplated in subregulation (2), inform the
Director-General of its intention to remove or resettle such person to another country, within an
agreed period, which period shall not exceed two calendar weeks: Provided that such person must
be held in detention until his or her removal by the UNHCR from the Republic.
(4) Any application for judicial review emanating, directly or indirectly, from the order referred to in
subregulation (1) may only be lodged by or on behalf of the person named in such order before a
High Court of the Republic, within 48 hours of the arrest of the person.
(5) Any order made by a High Court shall be confirmed by the Constitutional Court, within two
calendar weeks from the date of the issue of the order contemplated in 28(1), failing which the order
of the High Court shall lapse and the Director-General must, notwithstanding the legal status of the
order issued by the Minister, proceed with the removal of the person from the territory of the
Republic, in the national interest.
(6) The person whose removal is ordered by the Minister may, in writing, indicate to the Director-
General his or her intention to voluntarily depart the Republic, in which event the Director-General,
may at his or her discretion afford such person and any family member, assistance with travel and
other related matters, including a relocation stipend that may not exceed any amount approved in
writing by the Minister, provided that the person shall remain in detention until his or her departure
from the Republic.

Change of address and contact details
22. (1) The notice of change of address and contact details contemplated in section 34(1)(b) of the
Act shall be made on a form substantially corresponding to Form 13 contained in the Annexure and
must be submitted to a Refugee Reception Office.

Withdrawal of refugee status
23. (1) Before refugee status may be withdrawn in terms of section 36(1) of the Act, the Standing
Committee must provide written notice to the refugee indicating―
 (a)     the intention of the Standing Committee to withdraw his or her status;




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
22   No. 42932                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                              16

         (b)     the reasons for the intended withdrawal; and
         (c)     that he or she has the right to make written representations to the Standing Committee
                 within 30 calendar days of the date of receipt of the notice.
       (2) Upon receipt of representations from a refugee, the Standing Committee may—
         (a)     uphold the refugee status; or
         (b)     withdraw the refugee status and notify the Head of a Refugee Reception Office who must
                 refer the matter to an immigration officer for purposes of detention and deportation of such
                 person in terms of the provisions of the Immigration Act.
       (3) Following an order by the Minister in terms of section 36(3) of the Act, the Standing Committee
       must cause a notice to be published in the Gazette calling on the affected refugees to make
       representations as to why their refugee status should not be withdrawn within the period indicated in
       the said notice.
       (4) The Standing Committee may, notwithstanding the order from the Minister, after considering the
       representations referred to in subregulation (4),―
         (a)     confirm the withdrawal of the refugee status;
         (b)     decide not to withdraw the refugee status on humanitarian grounds; or
         (c)     certify a refugee as contemplated in section 27(c) of the Act.
       (5) The humanitarian grounds referred to in subregulation (5) shall include―
         (a)     a child who has no relatives or extended family in his or her country of origin;
         (b)     a person who is receiving life-saving medical treatment which is unavailable in his or her
                 country of origin; or
         (c)     any other similar grounds.
       (6) If a refugee fails to make representations within the period mentioned in subregulation (1) or (3),
       his or her refugee status shall automatically lapse and he or she will be regarded as an illegal
       foreigner and be dealt with in terms of the Immigration Act.

       Repeal of laws
       24. The Refugees Regulations (Forms and Procedure), 2000 published in Government Notice No.
       R. 366 of 6 April 2000, are hereby repealed.

       Short title and commencement
       25. These Regulations are called the Refugees Regulations, 2018 and comes into operation on 1
       January 2020.




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                            STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                            No. 42932   23




                                                    17

ANNEXURE

Form 1 (a)   Affidavit in respect of marriage concluded outside the Republic
Form 1 (b)   Affidavit in respect of parties to permanent homosexual or heterosexual
             relationship
Form 2       Application for Asylum
Form 3       Notification of abandoned application
Form 4       Application for asylum: Previously dependant person
Form 5       Asylum Seeker Visa
Form 6       Letter of employment
Form 7       Letter of enrolment at educational School
Form 8       Decision of the Standing Committee
Form 9       Notice of appeal
Form 10      Certificate of recognition as a refugee
Form 11      Application for refugee Identity Document
Form 12      Application for document for travel purpose for refugee or persons who acquired
             permanent residence permit after certification as refugee independently
Form 13      Notice of change of address
Form 14      Application to be allowed to remain in the Republic after termination of
             dependency




                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
24   No. 42932                           GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                                                                             Form 1 (a)


                               home REPUBLIC
                                    affairs  OF SOUTH AFRICA
                                    DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                               Department:
                               Home Affairs AFFIDAVIT IN RESPECT OF PARTIES TO
                               REPUBLICMARRIAGE  CONCLUDED
                                          OF SOUTH      AFRICAOUTSIDE THE REPUBLIC
                                                    Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                                          [Section 1, Regulations 2(3)]
                                                                       1.

         I …. …………………………………………of … …………………………………… state herewith under oath in English as follows:
                    (Full names of applicant)                (Current address in full)


                                                                          2.
         I was born on the ……day of …………………..…… at ….. ………………………….…in the country of …………………..…
                                         ( Month & year)         (Name of town/district)                         (Country)


                                                                          3.
         I hereby affirm, declare and swear that I married …………………………………………… …who was born on the ….. day
                                                             (Spouse’s (maiden) name in full)
         of……………………….….. …. at ………………………………………….…in the country of ………….. ………..….
                    ( Month & year)               (Name of town/district)                            (Country)


                                                                          4,


         Our marriage was conducted on the …………………………...
                                                  (Date of Marriage)


                                                                          5.
         Officiating Officer / Priest:   ……………………………………………….
                                         (Full Names)


         Witnesses:             ………………………………………..                                 ……………………………………………..
                                         (Full Names)                                       (Full Names)


                                ……………………………………….                                  ……………………………………………...
                                         (Full Names)                                       (Full Names)


                                                                          6.
         I agree to submit an affidavit confirming the continued existence of my marriage from time to time, in accordance with the
         provisions of the law in South Africa and undertake to inform the Director-General in writing within 4 (four) months of the
         termination of our marriage.


                                                                          7.
         I further, confirm that I am still married to the person mentioned in paragraph 2 above.


                                                                          8.
         I know and understand the contents of this statement
         I have no objection to taking the prescribed oath
         I consider the prescribed oath to be binding on my conscience.
         I swear that the above statement is correct so help me God.


         …………………………………………….
         Signature of Applicant




                                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                              No. 42932   25




                                                                                                        Form 1 (a)

                                   REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
                                    DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS

                                AFFIDAVIT IN RESPECT OF PARTIES TO
                             MARRIAGE CONCLUDED OUTSIDE THE REPUBLIC
                                      Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                            [Section 1, Regulations 2(3)]


                                                         9.
I hereby certify that the Deponent to this affidavit has acknowledged to me that he has read and that he knows and
understands its contents, and was sworn to before me and the Deponent signature was placed thereon in my presence at
………………………………………. on this …… day of ……………. 20…….


COMMISSIONER OF OATHS                                                     OFFICE STAMP


NAME:




RANK:


PLACE:




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
26   No. 42932                          GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                                                                          Form 1(b)
                                                    REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
                                                    DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS

            AFFIDAVIT IN RESPECT OF PARTIES TO PERMANENT HETEROSEXUAL / HOMOSEXUAL SPOUSAL
                                                RELATIONSHIP
                                                     Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                                           [Section 1, Regulations 3(4)]


                                                                           1.
         I …. …………………………………………of … …………………………………… state herewith under oath in English as follows:
                   (Full names of applicant)                  (Current address in full)


                                                                           2.
         I was born on the ……day of …………………..…… at ….. ………………………….…in the country of …………………..…
                                          ( Month & year)           (Name of town/district)                   (Country)


                                                                           3.


         I hereby affirm, declare and swear that I am in a monogamous heterosexual / homosexual spousal relationship with


         ……………………………………… born on the ……day of …………………..…… at ….. ………………………….…….
         (Full maiden names of partner)                                            (Month & year)             (Name of town/district)


         in the country …………………………………..
                              (Country)



                                                                           4.

         To substantiate our relationship I attach a signed notarial agreement and documentation proving cohabitation and the extent to
         which the related financial responsibilities are shared.


                                                                           5.


         We currently reside together at …………………………………………………………………………………………………………….
                                                                          (Current address in full)


                                                                           6.


         I agree to submit an affidavit confirming the continued existence of our relationship from time to time, in accordance with the
         provisions of the law in South Africa and undertake to inform the Director-General in writing within 4 (four) months of the
         termination of our spousal relationship.


                                                                           7.
         I know and understand the contents of this statement
         I have no objection to taking the prescribed oath
         I consider the prescribed oath to be binding on my conscience.
         I swear that the above statement is correct so help me God.


         …………………………………………….
         Signature of Applicant




                                   This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                              No. 42932   27




                                                                                                      Form 1(b)
                                   REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
                                    DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS

  AFFIDAVIT IN RESPECT OF PARTIES TO PERMANENT HETEROSEXUAL / HOMOSEXUAL SPOUSAL
                                      RELATIONSHIP
                                      Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                            [Section 1, Regulations 3(4)]


                                                         8.
I hereby certify that the Deponent to this affidavit has acknowledged to me that he has read and that he knows and
understands its contents, and was sworn to before me and the Deponent signature was placed thereon in my presence at
…………………………………………….... on this ………….… day of ……………………... 20…….


COMMISSIONER OF OATHS                                                     OFFICE STAMP


NAME:




RANK:


PLACE:




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
28   No. 42932                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




 G.P.-S. 06/18                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  DHA 1590




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   DATE STAMP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       [Section 21 of the Refugees Act, 1998]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (AT POE)




              FOR OFFICIAL USE (AT RRO)

              Return Date of the Form                                                                                                                                                            Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D



              UNHCR Reference Number



              Section 23 Visa No.


 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




     This form should be completed in full and submitted at any Refugee Reception Office or any other place designated by the Director-General in terms of the Act. The form is to be
     completed in black ink with BLOCK LETTERS.


     A1. PERSONAL DETAILS OF APPLICANT (ASYLUM SEEKER)

     Surname (family name):


     Forenames in full (first name):
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  35mm x 45mm
     Forenames inl (middle name):                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   IDENTITY
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   DOCUMENT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     PHOTO
     Date of Birth:                                                                                                                                                                              Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D


     Gender                                                                                                                                                                                                          Male                                                                                                               Female                                                                                      (Please tick in the appropriate box)


     Are you disabled?                                                                                                                                                                                               Yes                                                                  No                                      If yes, explain the form of disability:


     Country of birth:


     Province of Country of Birth:


     City of Birth:


     Current nationality:


     Previous Nationality(ies)
     (if applicable)
     Ethnic Group:


     Home Language:


     Other Languages:                                                                                                                                           (a)


     Other Languages:                                                                                                                                           (b)


     Level of fluency in English:


     Speak:                                                                                                                                                                                                          Good                                                                                                               Fair                                                                                                               Poor                                                                                         (Please tick in the appropriate box)


     Read:                                                                                                                                                                                                           Good                                                                                                               Fair                                                                                                               Poor


     Write:                                                                                                                                                                                                          Good                                                                                                               Fair                                                                                                               Poor


     Religion:


     Marital Status:                                                                                                                                                                                                 Single                                                                                                             Married                                                                                                            Divorced                                                                                                            Widow/Widower                                                                                                                                        (Please tick in the appropriate box)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Other, please specify


     Type of Marriage:                                                                                                                                                                                               Civil Marriage                                                                                                     Religious Marriage                                                                                                                                               Customary/Indigenous Law Marriage                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    (Attach Proof of Marriage)


     Number of Wives:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Number of Children:




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               PAGE 1 OF 12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             No. 42932   29




     Residential Address/es during the
     last five years


     Town / City

     Country

     Current Residential Address in RSA



     Province in RSA:

     Telephone No in RSA:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Code

     Cell No in RSA:

     E-mail Address:

     Alternative Contact No in RSA:

     Surname of Contact Person:

     Name of Contact Person:

     Residential Address of Contact
     Person:

     Relationship to Applicant:

     E-mail Address:

     (Applicant is advised by RRO to inform the Department of any change of Address within ten (10) days of such change of address)




     Signature of Applicant
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




     A2. DETAILS OF IDENTITY AND TRAVEL DOCUMENTS

     A2.1 IDENTITY DOCUMENT

     Are you in possession of one or more identity document from your country of origin?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Yes (Attach proof)                                                                                                                        No                                                                                                      (Please tick in the appropriate box)

     If yes, please present your identity document to the Administration Officer for verification of your personal particulars

     Details of identity document

     Identity Document number:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Place of issue:

     Date of issue:                                                                                                                                                                              Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D

     Issuing Authority:

     Date of expiry:                                                                                                                                                                             Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D


    A2.2 PASSPORT / TRAVEL DOCUMENT

    Are you in possession of a passport / travel document?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Yes (Attach proof)                                                                                                                                                No                                                                                          (Please tick in the appropriate box)

    If yes, please present your passport / travel document to the Administration Officer for verification of your personal particulars

    Details of passport / travel document

    Travel Document number:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Place of issue:

    Date of issue:                                                                                                                                                                              Y                       Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D

    Issuing Authority:

    Date of expiry:                                                                                                                                                                             Y                       Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D

    If you are not in possession of a passport or travel document, state why, and describe how you travelled to RSA without a passport:




DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




    A2.3 PREVIOUS VISITS TO RSA


    Have you visited the Republic of South Africa previously?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Yes                                                                                         No                                                                                          (Please tick in the appropriate box)

    If yes, when and for how long?                                                                                                                                                                                                         Date of first entry:                                                                            Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D                                                                   for                                                                Months                                                                                                                                                           Years




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PAGE 2 OF 12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
30   No. 42932                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




      Which permit did you use to enter the RSA?

      What was the purpose of your stay?

      Have you ever overstayed or been ordered to leave / deported?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Yes                                                                                         No                                                                                          (Please tick in the appropriate box)

      What were the reasons for overstaying or deportation?




      If yes, why did you return to RSA?




 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




      A3. EDUCATION AND EMPLOYMENT DETAILS

      A3.1 EDUCATION


      Highest qualification obtained:                                                                                                                                                                                No School                                                                                   Primary                                                               High School                                                                                 Gr 12 (matric/Std 10)                                                                                                                     Diploma                                                                                     Degree                                                               Other, specify


      Specify qualification:


      Proof of qualifications?                                                                                                                                                                                       Yes                                                                                                                No                                                                                           (Please tick in the appropriate box)


     If yes, please attach copy of certificate.



     A3.2 EMPLOYMENT – Previous Occupation (Note: If self-employed, state name of business and registration number)


     Profession (occupation):


     Experience in profession:                                                                                                                                                                                                              (number of years)


     Previous employment:



     Address of previous
     employer:



     Contact number of
     previous employer:

     Duration of employment:                                                                                                                                                                                                                years                                                              from                                                                       Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D                                 to                                  Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                             D                       D


     Reasons for leaving employment:




     Attach testimonials / salary slips and any documentation proving previous employment (if available).


     A3.2.1 CURRENT EMPLOYMENT IN RSA

     Are you currently employed in RSA?                                                                                                                                                                              Yes                                                                                                                No                                                                                           (Please tick in the appropriate box)

     If Yes, provide details




     A3.3 SKILLS

     Please indicate where applicable                                                                                                                                                                                Computer skills                                                                                                                           Financial skills                                                                                                                           Engineering skills                                                                                                                                                                                                         (Please tick in the appropriate box)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Medical skills                                                                                                                            Technical skills                                                                                                                           Mathematical/Science skills


                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Other skills                                                                                                       Please specify

 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




     A4. CRIMINAL RECORDS


     Were you ever arrested?                                                                                                                                                                                         Yes                                                                                                                No                                                                                           (Please tick in the appropriate box)

     If yes, please answer the following questions:

     Where were you arrested?


     Country                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Town/City




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                PAGE 3 OF 12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             No. 42932   31




     Why were you arrested? (provide details of charges and events leading up to appearance in court):




     When were you arrested?                                                                                                                                                                     Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D


     Were you arrested individually or as part of a group?


     Who arrested you?


     Did you receive assistance from lawyers or organisations during or after your arrest?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Yes                                                                                         No                                            (Please tick in the appropriate box)

     Please provide details of circumstances of your arrest, legal representation and/or outcome of court proceedings:




     Do you have any previous criminal convictions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Yes                                                                                          No                                                                                          (Please tick in the appropriate box)


     If yes, specify the date:                                                                                                                                                                   Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D


    Nature of crime/offence committed:




    Have you served a prison term or paid a fine or appealed your conviction?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Yes                                                                                         No                                                                   (Please tick in the appropriate box)


    If yes, provide details:




DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




    A5. MILITARY SERVICE

    Is military service compulsory in your country of origin (home country)?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Yes                                                                                         No                                                                   (Please tick in the appropriate box)


    If yes, were you ever called up for duty?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Yes                                                                                         No                                                                   (Please tick in the appropriate box)


    What was the duration of service?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    years                                          from                                             Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D                                 to                                  Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                             D                       D


    In what arm of the military did you serve?


    Rank:


    A5.1 Statutory Forces

    Is military service compulsory in your country of origin (home country)?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Yes                                                                                         No                                                                   (Please tick in the appropriate box)


    If yes, were you ever called up for duty?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Yes                                                                                         No                                                                   (Please tick in the appropriate box)


    (Please attach proof if any)

    If you were called up and did not serve, please state reasons:




    A5.2 Non-statutory Forces

    Were you a member of a non-statutory military organisation?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Yes                                                                                         No                                                                   (Please tick in the appropriate box)


    Name of the Organisation:


    Position occupied in the Organisation:




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PAGE 4 OF 12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
32   No. 42932                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




      Purpose of the organisation:


      Training received:


      Countries in which you received training:


      Military operations you were involved in:


      Are you still a member of the organisation?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Yes                                                                     No.                                        If no, when was your membership terminated?                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D


      Were you involved in any armed forces: Y /N                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Yes                                                                     No.                                           (Please tick in the appropriate box)

      If Yes, provide details




 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




      A6. MEMBERSHIP – ORGANISATION (POLITICAL, RELIGIOUS, ETHNIC OR SOCIAL)

      Are you / were you a member of any organisation in your country of origin (home country)?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Yes                                                                                         No                                                                    (Please tick in the appropriate box)


      Name of the Organisation:


      Purpose of the organisation:

      Position occupied in the Organisation:

      Main activity of the organisation:

      Period of membership:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       months                                                                                                                                    years


      Are you still a member of the organisation?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Yes                                                                     No.                                        If no, when was your membership terminated?                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D

 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




      A7. ENTRY INTO THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

      Did you enter RSA through a Port of Entry?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Yes                                                                                         No                                                                   (Please tick in the appropriate box)


      If no, how and where did you enter RSA?


      State reasons why you did not use the Port of Entry:




      State details of assistance obtained to enter the Republic:




      Were you travelling alone?                                                                                                                                                                                     Yes                                                                                                                 No                                                                                          (Please tick in the appropriate box)


      If no, provide name of person(s) you travelled with:


      Where did you meet the person(s) you were travelling with?


      How did you meet?:




      Details of Family or Friends Travelling With You

      How many people did you enter RSA with?

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Contact maintained / Not
      Surname                                                                                                                                                          Forenames                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Date of Birth                                                                               Relationship with you                                                                                               Nationality
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        upon entering RSA

      1

      2

      3

      4

      5


      Which Port of Entry did you enter RSA through:


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                PAGE 5 OF 12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                               STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                                                   No. 42932   33




When did you enter RSA?:                                            Y     Y     Y   Y          M        M          D   D


Mode of travel:                                                          Air                            Land                      Sea


When did you leave your country of origin (home country)?           Y     Y     Y   Y          M        M          D   D

(Please attach Section 23 visa issued to you at the Port of Entry in terms of the Immigration Act, 2002)


ROUTE TAKEN TO THE REPUBLIC

Indicate in detail how you travelled from your country into the Republic




List the countries transited en route to RSA and the duration of your stay:
                                                                    Mode of         Travel                  Duration in                 Immigration Status in the transit
Country                                  Port of Entry Used                                                                                                                 Address in transit country
                                                                    transport       Documents Used          Transit Country             country
1

2

3

4

5


State reason for entry and exit in each port of entry in other country state reason for entry and exit in each country en route to RSA without applying for asylum)

Country

1

2

3

4

5



A7.2 Asylum History

Did you apply for asylum in any of the above listed countries?                                 Yes                     No               (Please tick in the appropriate box)


If no, give reasons?




If yes, please provide details:

Was your application for asylum granted?                 Yes             No         (Please tick in the appropriate box)


When did you apply?                       Y    Y     Y    Y         M    M          D    D


Type of permit issued:


Permit Number


Status validity:                          Y    Y     Y    Y         M    M          D    D         to          Y   Y   Y      Y         M    M          D    D


Please provide reasons for your departure from the country where you applied for asylum:




Did you notify the Refugee Commissioner or other relevant authorities of your intended departure?                      Yes              No


If no, state reason:


Are you recognised as a refugee by the UNHCR?                                                  Yes                     No                                           (Please tick in the appropriate box)


If yes, specify date:                     Y    Y     Y    Y         M    M          D    D              and UNHCR Field office in RSA:


Are you registered with an Embassy, a Consulate or any other representative authority of your home country in the Republic?                            Yes            No

If yes, please state details including dates of your visit to such representative authority:




                                                                                         PAGE 6 OF 12




                                                 This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
34   No. 42932                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




    B1. PARTICULARS OF FAMILY (SPOUSE OR DEPENDANTS) IN RSA

    B.1.1. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  B.1.2. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT

    Surname (Family)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Surname (Family)

    Maiden name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Maiden name

    First name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 First name
    Middle name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Middle name

    Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D                                                                                                                                               Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                             M                      M                                             D                      D

    Identity No.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Identity No.

    Travel Doc No.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Travel Doc No.

    Sex                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Sex

    Relationship with applicant                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Relationship with applicant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Refugee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Refugee
    Status in RSA                                                                                                 Asylum Seeker                                                                                                                                                                                                   Immigration Permit                                                                                                           Status in RSA                                                                                                  Asylum Seeker                                                                                                                                                                                                  Immigration Permit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Permit                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Permit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (Please provide
    Date of marriage                                                                            Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D                                                                                                                                               Date of marriage                                                                            Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                             M                      M                                             D                      D
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         marriage certificate)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Customary/                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Customary/
    Type of marriage                                                                                              Civil Marriage                                                                                                      Religious Marriage                                                                                                                                                                                                       Type of marriage                                                                                               Civil Marriage                                                                                                     Religious Marriage
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Indigenous                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Indigenous
    Occupation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Occupation

    Residential                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Residential
    address                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    address


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Code                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Code

    Tel/Cell Number                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Tel/Cell Number
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




    B.1.3. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  B.1.4. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT

    Surname (Family)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Surname (Family)

    Maiden name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Maiden name

    First name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 First name
    Middle name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Middle name

    Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D                                                                                                                                               Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                             M                      M                                             D                      D

    Identity No.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Identity No.

    Travel Doc No.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Travel Doc No.

    Sex                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Sex

    Relationship with applicant                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Relationship with applicant

    Occupation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Occupation

    Residential                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Residential
    address                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    address


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Code                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Code

    Tel/Cell Number                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Tel/Cell Number
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




    B.1.5. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  B.1.6. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT

    Surname (Family)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Surname (Family)

    Maiden name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Maiden name

    First name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 First name
    Middle name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Middle name

    Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D                                                                                                                                               Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                             M                      M                                             D                      D

    Identity No.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Identity No.

    Travel Doc No.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Travel Doc No.

    Sex                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Sex

    Relationship with applicant                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Relationship with applicant

    Occupation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Occupation

    Residential                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Residential
    address                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    address


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Code                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Code

    Tel/Cell Number                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Tel/Cell Number



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               PAGE 7 OF 12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              No. 42932   35




DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




   B2. PARTICULARS OF FAMILY (SPOUSE OR DEPENDANTS) OUTSIDE RSA

   B.2.1. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  B.2.2. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT

   Surname (Family)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Surname (Family)

   Maiden name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Maiden name

   First name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 First name

   Middle name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Middle name

   Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D                                                                                                                                               Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                             M                      M                                             D                      D

   Passport No.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Passport No.

   Sex                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Sex

   Relationship with applicant                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Relationship with applicant

   Occupation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Occupation

   Residential                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Residential
   address                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    address


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Code                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Code

   Tel/Cell Number                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Tel/Cell Number
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




   B.2.3. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  B.2.4. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT

   Surname (Family)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Surname (Family)

   Maiden name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Maiden name

   First name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 First name

   Middle name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Middle name

   Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D                                                                                                                                               Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                             M                      M                                             D                      D

   Passport No.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Passport No.

   Sex                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Sex

   Relationship with applicant                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Relationship with applicant

   Occupation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Occupation

   Residential                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Residential
   address                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    address


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Code                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Code

   Tel/Cell Number                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Tel/Cell Number
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




   B.2.5. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  B.2.6. PARTICULARS OF SPOUSE OR DEPENDANT

   Surname (Family)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Surname (Family)

   Maiden name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Maiden name

   First name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 First name

   Middle name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Middle name

   Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D                                                                                                                                               Date of birth                                                                               Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                             M                      M                                             D                      D

   Passport No.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Passport No.

   Sex                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Sex

   Relationship with applicant                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Relationship with applicant

   Occupation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Occupation

   Residential                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Residential
   address                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    address


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Code                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Code

   Tel/Cell Number                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Tel/Cell Number

   NOTE:                                                                                  1. If space provided is not sufficient, attach additional information.

                                                                                          2. Failure to disclose or state dependants who are outside of RSA may lead to such dependant refused recognition in RSA based on your claim




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PAGE 8 OF 12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
36   No. 42932                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




     B3. FINANCIAL STATUS OF APPLICANT

     B3.1

     Name of Banking Institution
     outside RSA:

     Type of account


     Account Number

     Name of the country where account
     is held:
     Amount of money (cash/bank
     transfer) brought into RSA
     Name of Banking Institution in
     RSA:

     Account Number

     Do you have any financial sponsor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Yes                                                                                          No                                                                                          Elsewhere
     in RSA / elsewhere?

     If yes, please provide details of sponsor, type of sponsorship and the location of sponsor:




     If No, provide details of your family’s current living arrangements / conditions:




     B3.2

     While your application is pending, how do you intend to support your family / yourself in the Republic?




 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




      C. APPLICANT’S CLAIM (Section 21 of the Refugees Act, 1998)


                                                                                                                                                                               To be completed in full and signed. This form must be completed in BLACK INK and in BLOCK LETTERS.


      Note: The applicant may provide proof, where applicable or possible. Additional paper may be used, if the space provided in this Form is not sufficient.

      C.1. Describe the reasons for leaving your country of origin (home country) and the events that took place prior to your departure.




      C.2. What steps did you take in addressing challenges faced by you in your country of origin or home country? (List the steps taken)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                PAGE 9 OF 12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             No. 42932   37




    Did you report the incident that occurred to you to the relevant authorities / police / local leader / your organisation or party?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Yes                                                                                         No

    If No, state reasons.




    If Yes, what did the authorities / police / local leader / your organisation or party to whom you reported the matter do about your report?




    Did you avail yourself of the availability of friends/family who could possibly offer you refuge in any of the countries en route to RSA




DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




    D. WILLINGNESS TO RETURN TO YOUR COUNTRY OF ORIGIN (HOME COUNTRY)

    D.1. Do you wish to return to your country of origin (home country) in the future?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Yes                                                                                         No


    If no, please give reasons for your answer provided above and explain why you are unwilling to return to your country of origin.




    D.2. Under which conditions would you agree to return to your country of origin or home country in the future / what needs to happen in your country of origin to enable
         you to retun?




    D.3. How do you intend to support yourself financially while in RSA?




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             PAGE 10 OF 12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
38   No. 42932                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




      E. DECLARATION BY APPLICANT

      I, ..........................................................................................................................................................                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          declare that the information provided in this form is to the best of my knowledge true,
      correct and binding and I was informed that:
      (a) all the information provided in this form is confidential;




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Applicant’s thumb print if
      (b) all facts stated in this form will be used to reach a decision;
      (c) identity must be confirmed in other ways if proof of identification is not provided; and (d) false or incorrect information provided




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            unable to sign
      may lead to this application being unsuccessful.




                                           Signature of Applicant / Deponent                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Place



      Signed and sworn to me at ......................................................................... on this day of .......................................... 20.............. the deponent having acknowledged that he or
      she knows that and understands the contents of this Affidavit, that the contents are true and correct, that he or she has no objection to take the prescribed oath / affirmation and the
      prescribed oath / affirmation is binding on his or her conscience.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Commissioner of oaths

 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




     F. DETAILS OF INTERPRETER


     Surname:


     Forenames:


     Qualifications:                                                                                                                                                                                                 Diploma                                                                                     Degree                                                                                      Other, specify:


     Specify Qualification:


     Telephone No:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Cellphone No:


     Institute:


     Address of Institute:




     E-mail Address:


 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




     G. FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

     G.1. APPLICATION RECEIVED BY:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Supporting Documents, please tick:

     Surname:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Identity Document


     Forenames in full:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Marriage Certificate


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Child’s unabridged birth certificate


     Persal No:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Section 23 Visa


     Rank:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Passport / Travel Document


     Refugee Reception Office:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Educational Qualifications


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Testimonials / Salary Slips


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         No document submitted

 I,....................................................................................................................................................... declare that I have received and checked this Form and confirm that it is fully completed.




 ...................................................................................
 Signature of Officer                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Date:                                                   Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                             M                      M                                             D                      D




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             PAGE 11 OF 12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              No. 42932   39




     G.2. PRELIMINARY COMMENTS BY OFFICER




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Date:                                                   Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D

     Signature of Officer



G.3. DEClSlON BY RSDO



     The decision on application for asylum is as follows: Asylum                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Granted                                                                                                                                   Manifestly unfounded                                                                                                                                              Fraudulent


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Rejected as Abusive                                                                                                                       Unfounded



     Reasons for decision (attach detailed reasons for decision):




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Date:                                                   Y                      Y                      Y                      Y                                            M                      M                                              D                      D

     Signature of RSDO




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Commissioner of Oaths



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Full Names

                                                                                                                      STAMP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Business Address




DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              PAGE 12 OF 12




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
40   No. 42932                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                                                                             Form 3
                                                   DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                                     REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                           NOTIFICATION OF ABANDONED APPLICATION
                                             Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                                       [Section 22(12); Regulation 9(1)]



             A.    REFERRAL TO STANDING COMMITTEE

         Office:
         File Number:
         Surname:
         Names:
         Current status of the application:
         Date of last issue of asylum seeker visa:
         Date of expiry of asylum seeker visa:
         Date of referral to Standing Committee:

         Note: For the question below the RSDO must indicate that the asylum seeker visa was not renewed and provide date of expiry,
         including indication as to whether or not the asylum seeker presented him/herself after such expiry date and provide proof of
         allegations.
         Reasons for considering the application as abandoned?




         List all information submitted to Standing Committee




         SIGNATURE: _______________________
         REFUGEE STATUS DETERMINATION OFFICER
         NAME:
         DATE:




                                                                      1




                                  This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                             No. 42932   41




                                                                                             Form 3
                                        DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                          REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                 NOTIFICATION OF ABANDONED APPLICATION
                                   Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                            [Section 22(12); Regulation 9(1)]



     B.   ENDORSEMENT BY STANDING COMMITTEE

Representations by asylum
seekers regarding inability to
present himself or herself as
required, if any:

RESPONSE TO QUESTION:
Representations that may have been
made by the asylum seeker (proof of
delay if hospitalised or so).



Endorsement by the Standing
Committee




SIGNATURE: ____________________
MEMBER: STANDING COMMITTEE
DATE:


     C.   UPDATE OF SCRA ENDORSEMENT ON NATIONAL IMMIGRATION INFORMATION SYSYEM
Date of receipt:
Date of update:
Date of referral Immigration Officer:




SIGNATURE: _______________________
REFUGEE STATUS DETERMINATION OFFICER
NAME:
DATE:



     D.   NOTICE TO REPORT AND/OR DEPART THE REPUBLIC

Date received from RSDO:
Details of receiving Officer:


Notice to report to Refugee Reception Office issued: Yes /
No.

If no, please provide reason:

Notice to depart the Republic issued, provide details.



Address where notice was served (include School or
place of employment, where applicable).




                                                             2




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
42   No. 42932                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                                                     Form 3
                                               DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                                 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                         NOTIFICATION OF ABANDONED APPLICATION
                                           Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                                   [Section 22(12); Regulation 9(1)]



             E.   DEPORTATION BY IMMIGRATION OFFICER

         Date of receipt


         Date of deportation

         Proof of deportation (attach)




         SIGNATURE: _______________________
         IMMIGRATION OFFICER
         NAME:
         DATE:




                                                                  3




                                 This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                        No. 42932   43




                                                                                                                                 Form 4


                                              DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                                 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                   APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM: PREVIOUSLY DEPENDANT PERSON
                                               Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                            [Section 21B(3) and (4); Regulation 10(1) and (2)]



NOTE:
1. Any false statement or information provided on this form shall result in the application being rejected.
2. A person making a false claim with regard to any child may be charged under the provisions of the Children’s Act, 2005 (Act No. 38
    of 2005) and/or the Prevention and Combating of Trafficking in Persons Act, 2003 (Act No. 7 of 2003).
3. The applicant must provide proof, where possible.
4. Additional paper may be used, if the space provided in this Form is not sufficient.


A1.          DETAILS OF PERSONS ON WHOM APPLICANT WAS PREVIOUSLY DEPENDENT (PRINCIPAL
             APPLICANT)
    Surname                                                                         Date of Birth
    Names                                                                           Age
    File Number:
    Refugee ID Number:
    Nationality                                                                     Ethnic Group
    Place of Birth                                                                  Country of Birth
    Residential
    Address
    Cell No.
    Email address


A2.          DECLARATION OF TERMINATION OF DEPENDENCY
    Mark with X, whichever is applicable:

         Relationship to person in part A1             Mother      Father         Son       Daughter          Other (specify)




    State the reason for termination of dependency (provide proof, where applicable):
    Mark with X, whichever is applicable:
      (a)    Death of main applicant:           _____ (attach copy of death certificate)
      (b)    Became a major:                    _____
      (c)    Other (specify):                   _____


    I,      ___________________________________________________,                          with    asylum      seeker   visa     number
    __________________ or refugee status number, declare that─
    (a)      I am desirous to apply for asylum in my own right; and
    (b)      the circumstances that led to the application for asylum by my spouse / parent on whom I was
             dependent still applies; or
    (c)      Other, specify __________________________________________________


    Date _____________________               Signature: _______________________




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
44   No. 42932                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                                                                                Form 4


                                                 DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                                      REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                       APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM: PREVIOUSLY DEPENDANT PERSON
                                                   Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                                [Section 21B(3) and (4); Regulation 10(1) and (2)]



           A3. APPLICANT’S LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
           Language                                                             Other languages
           Level of proficiency in English      Excellent

                                                Good
                                                Fair


           B1. DETAILS OF APPLICANT
           Surname
           Names
           Date of Birth                                                                             Age
           Sex (write in full)
           Nationality                                                      Previous nationality, if any
           Place of Birth                                                   Country of Birth
           Ethnic Group
           Contact Details                     Residential Address
                                               Tel No.
                                               Cell
                                               Email
           Current Marital Status              Single                               Married          Divorced    Widow/Widower


           Name of spouse of applicant
           Date of birth of spouse                                                  Age of spouse
           Contact details of spouse           Physical Address
                                               Tel No.
                                               Cell
                                               Email
           Marriage certificate produced                                            Yes / No _____________


           B2.             SOJOURN IN RSA


           How long have you been in RSA?                ________________________________________
           Indicate the date of first entry?             ________________________________________


           B3. APPLICANT’S CURRENT DEPENDANTS (Only applicable to divorcee / widow / widower)


           Note: The details required in Part 2 are only those who hold asylum seeker visa / refugee status or were born
                    in RSA after the principal Applicant was issued asylum seeker visa or refugee status.


           Name                                 Date of birth         Age       Relationship               Place of birth
                                                                                                           (attach birth certificate)




           For Office use only: Confirmed if the dependents were listed in the principal applicant’s file




                                 This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                        STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                 No. 42932   45




                                                                                                                                Form 4


                                              DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                               REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                   APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM: PREVIOUSLY DEPENDANT PERSON
                                              Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                           [Section 21B(3) and (4); Regulation 10(1) and (2)]



    B4. APPLICANT’S PARENTS DETAILS
    B4.1 Mother’s details
    Name of Mother                                                                Date of birth
    Place of Birth                                                                Age
    Contact Details              Residential address
                                 Tel No.
                                 Cell
                                 Email


    B4.1 Father’s details
    Name of Mother                                                                Date of birth
    Place of Birth                                                                Age
    Contact Details              Residential address
                                 Tel No.
                                 Cell
                                 Email




    B6. IDENTIFICATION AND TRAVEL DOCUMENTS
    Are you in possession of your Identification card from your              Yes                  If yes, attach copy
    country of origin?                                                       No

    Are you in possession of any passport / refugee travel                   Yes                  If yes, present to official
    document?                                                                No

    Place of issue                                                           Date of issue


    Issuing Authority                                                        Date of expiry


    Do you have any visa issued prior to entry into RSA?                     Yes                If yes, indicate where was it
                                                                                                applied for below
                                                                             No

    Do you have a visa which is currently valid?                             Yes                If yes, indicate where was it
                                                                                                applied for below
                                                                             No

    Were any of the above documents destroyed / disposed
    of? If yes, provide reason




C1. APPLICANT’S HISTORY
C1.1 Educational History
Highest qualification obtained    No School    Primary     High School         Gr.12 (Matric)     Diploma    Degree     Other, specify


Specify qualification
Proof of qualification            Yes             If yes, attach certificate
                                  No
Other skills, specify




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
46   No. 42932                            GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                                                                                    Form 4


                                                         DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                                            REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                             APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM: PREVIOUSLY DEPENDANT PERSON
                                                          Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                                       [Section 21B(3) and (4); Regulation 10(1) and (2)]



         C1.2. Employment History
         Profession (occupation)
         Experience in profession                        State number of years
         Previous employment
         Contact details of previous employer            Work address

                                                         Tel No.

                                                         Cell
                                                         Email
         Duration of employment
         Reason for leaving employment


         C2. APPLICANT’S HISTORY IN THE REPUBLIC
         C2.1 Educational History
         Highest qualification obtained      No School      Primary        High School       Gr.12      Diploma   Degree   Other,
                                                                                             (Matric)                      specify


         Specify qualification
         Proof of qualification              Yes                If yes, attach certificate
         Other skills, specify


         C2.2. Employment History
         Profession (occupation)
         Experience in profession                        State number of years
         Previous employment
         Contact details of current employer             Work address
                                                         Tel No.

                                                         Cell
                                                         Email
         Duration of employment


         D. CRIMINAL RECORD
         Do you have any criminal convictions?                             Yes                              No
         If yes, please state the following details:
         Nature of offence /crime
         Date committed
         Do you have any outstanding warrants issued against you?
         If yes. Please state the nature of crime
         / offence committed




                                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                 STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                                                  No. 42932   47




                                                                                                                                                                        Form 4


                                                           DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                                               REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                             APPLICATION FOR ASYLUM: PREVIOUSLY DEPENDANT PERSON
                                                            Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                                         [Section 21B(3) and (4); Regulation 10(1) and (2)]

E. APPLICANT’S CLAIM
E1. Describe the reasons for continuous need for asylum / refugee status in the Republic.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________


E2. The applicant has been informed that (mark with an X)─
All information provided is confidential
The claim of the principal applicant indicated in this Form, as well as the decision thereon will also apply to him or her in its
entirety
False or incorrect information may lead to prosecution or discredit the claim




F. DECLARATION BY THE APPLICANT
I, ........................................................................................................., have submitted to the fact that the above information is to the best
of my knowledge true and correct.


SIGNATURE ..................................... PLACE .................................. DATE...................................


G. INTERPRETER
Interpretation UCID Number:
(If none complete details below)
Name of Interpreter                                                                                       Contact Number:
Qualification:                                                                                            Institute:



H. FOR OFFICE USE ONLY
Preliminary comments:
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________


SIGNATURE ____________________________                                                                             DATE______________________

NAME: ______________________________                                                                               PERSAL: ____________________

DECISION BY REFUGEE STATUS DETERMINATION O FFICER:
(Attach detailed reasons)
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________


SIGNATURE ____________________________                                                                             DATE______________________


NAME: ______________________________                                                                               PERSAL: ____________________




                                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
48   No. 42932                                               GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                       REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
                                                                                                                              Form 5 (DHA 1692)
                       DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                       Section 22 of the Refugees Act No, 130 of 1998


                                                                                                                                               PHOTO
        lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll BAR CODE llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
                                         (file number)

        ASYLUM SEEKER VISA
        REFERENCE NO:
        Permission is hereby granted to the following person as holder of this visa to remain in the country or part thereof:

        A. PERSONAL PARTICULARS OF HOLDER
        SURNAME:                                                                      FIRST NAME(S):
        RESIDENTIAL ADDRESS:


       DATE OF BIRTH:                                                                 GENDER:
       NATIONALITY:                                                                   COUNTRY OF ORIGIN:
       FILE NUMBER:                                                                   PLACE OF ISSUE           EXPIRY DATE:
       ALTERNATIVE FILE NUMBER:



        B. CONDITIONS

                  1.      The holder of this visa has applied to be recognized as a refugee and may continue to lawfully reside temporally in the
                          Republic of South Africa for the duration of this visa .
                  2.      The holder must in writing notify, the Refugee Reception Office of any change of his or her residential address.
                  3.      The holder of the visa shall without expenses to the state, leave the Republic on or before --------or such later date as
                          duty authorized by a Refugees Status Determination Officer if his/ her application for asylum has been rejected.
                  4.      The visa entitles the holder to seek employment. (Or) The visa does not entitle the holder to work in the Republic.
                  5.      Failure to comply with the conditions of this visa, the holder will be dealt with in terms of section 37(b) and section 22(6)
                          of the Refugees Act 1998.
                  6.      The holder of this visa shall abide by the laws of the Republic.
                  7.      This visa shall lapse if the holder does not appear in person on or before the expiry date as required at the designated
                          Refugee Reception Office or if he or she departs from the Republic without prior authorization from Director – General.
                  8.      The holder of the visa may apply to extend this visa 15 days prior to expiry date.
                  9.      All visas issued prior to the date appearing hereunder are rendered null and void by the issuance of this visa.
                  10. The holder of this visa is entitled to seek and receive basic education or adult basic education
                  11. (To reflect the status of the application for asylum at the time of issuance of this visa)
                  12. I … (names as appear above)………………………….agree to the above conditions and understand that a breach thereof
                          will result in an offence in terms of section 37 of the Refugees Act.

       PLACE:                                                                         DATE:

       ORIGINALLY CAPTURED:                                                           PRINTED BY RRO           FINGERPRINT IMPRESSION
       DATE:                                                                          DATE:
       DESIGNATED RRO:                                                                PLACE:
                                                                                      SIGNATURE:
       ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN:                                                          NUMBER OF EXTENSION:


       VISA HOLDER SIGNATURE:




                                                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                       No. 42932   49




                                                                                                                        Form 6
                                       DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                          REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                                 LETTER OF EMPLOYMENT
                                         Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                             [Section 22(9); Regulation 11(8)]




The Director-General
Department of Home Affairs
Private Bag X114
PRETORIA
0001

Dear Sir/Madam


LETTER OF OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT OF ASYLUM SEEKER: NAME AND SURNAME – EMPLOYMENT NUMBER

1.     This serves to confirm to the Director-General, in accordance with section 22(9) of the Refuges Act, 1998, read together
       with regulation 10(8) of the Refugees Regulations, 2018, that (insert name and surname of asylum seeker) with asylum
       seeker visa number …. (copy of visa attached) has been offered employment / has been employed by (name of
       employer) as (mention position title) for a period of (mention period) months, which period is not longer than the validity
       of visa attached hereto.

2.     The Employer (mention name of employer) undertakes to comply with the conditions of the visa issued to the asylum
       seeker and any directives that may be issued by the Director-General from time to time regarding the employment of
       asylum seekers in the relevant sectors.

3.     The Employer undertakes to ensure that the employee is in possession of a valid work visa for the duration of his or her
       employment and will keep on record copies of the relevant visa issued to the employee at all times. The Employer
       further undertakes to inform the Director-General when the employment is terminated.

4.     The Employer further undertakes to produce copies of the valid work visa upon request by any authorized person.




Name:                                                     Enquiries: [name and surname];
Designation:
                                                          Cell:
Date:
                                                          Tel:
                                                          Fax:
Signature:                                                E-mail:
                                                          Our Ref (Employee number);
                                                          Your Ref: (asylum seeker visa number)
                                                          Address:




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
50   No. 42932                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                                                                        Form 7
                                                DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                                   REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                                 LETTER OF ENROLMENT AT SCHOOL
                                                  Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                                      [Section 22(9); Regulation 11(9)]



             The Director-General
             Department of Home Affairs
             Private Bag X114
             PRETORIA
             0001

             Dear Sir/Madam


             LETTER OF ENROLMENT OF ASYLUM SEEKER AT A SOUTH AFRICAN SCHOOL: NAME AND
             SURNAME – STUDENT NUMBER



                 1.   This serves to confirm to the Director-General, in accordance with section 22(9) of the Refuges Act,
                      1998 (“the Act”), read together with regulation 10(9) of the Refugees Regulations, 2018, that (insert
                      name and surname of asylum seeker) with asylum seeker visa number …. (copy of visa to be
                      attached to this letter) has been enrolled at (name of school) in (indicate Grade).


                 2.   I undertake on behalf of (name of school) in my capacity as (indicate official title) to ensure that the
                      learner attends school while at all times in possession of a valid visa, and to retain copies of any or all
                      visas that may from time to time be issued to the asylum seeker.


                 3.   I, on behalf of (name of school), confirm that the School has copies of the relevant Guidelines referred
                      to in section ??? of the Refugees Act, 1998, read together with its Regulations, relating to conditions
                      of study of an asylum seeker and undertake to comply with the conditions of the visa and any
                      amendments made thereto from time to time.


                 4.   I confirm that the School acknowledges that it shall not enroll any asylum seeker without a valid
                      asylum seeker visa or beyond the validity date of the asylum seeker visa.


                 5.   The School undertakes to produce copies of a valid visa upon request by an authorized person.




             Name:                                                 Enquiries: [name and surname];
             Designation:
                                                                   Cell:
             Date:
                                                                   Tel:
                                                                   Fax:
                                                                   E-mail:
             Signature:
                                                                   Our Ref (student number);
                                                                   Your Ref: (asylum seeker visa number)
                                                                   Address (physical address of school):




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                            STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                        No. 42932   51




                                                                                        Form 8 (DHA-1691)
                                DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

             DECISION OF THE STANDING COMMITTEE FOR REFUGEE AFFAIRS
                                Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                   [Section 24A(3)(b); Regulation 13(1)]




Office:
File Ref. No.
Details of Refugee Status       Name:
Determination Officer           Surname:
Details of asylum Seeker        Name:
                                Surname:
                                Date of birth:
                                Nationality:
                                Country of origin:

Documents considered:                                              Yes             No
                                DHA-1590
                                RSDO Hearing Notes
                                RSDO decision
                                Notice to Asylum Seeker
                                Representations
Summary      of      Asylum
Seekers Claim




Summary of RSDO Decision
and    Reasons     for    the
Decision
The case was decided by         Manifestly Unfounded
Refugee                Status   Abusive
Determination Officer as:       Fraudulent
Decision of the    Standing     RSDO decision referred
Committee   for     Refugee     back
Affairs                          RSDO decision confirmed
                                RSDO set aside
                                RSDO decision substituted as follows:
                                For the reasons set out in
                                the RSDO decision, and/or
                                Other / additional reasons




SIGNATURE: ____________________
MEMBER: STANDING COMMITTEE FOR REFUGEE AFFAIRS
DATE:




                   This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
52   No. 42932                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                            Republic of South Africa
                                           REFUGEE APPEALS AUTHORITY
                                           th
                                          7 Floor, City Centre Building, 266 Pretorius Street, Pretoria
                                                        Private Bag X 500, Pretoria. 0001
                                          Tel : +27 12 316 9800 (International) (012) 316 9800 (Local)
                                                       Email: Enquiries.Rab@dha.gov.za

                                                  Address all correspondence to the Registrar



                                                                                                             FORM 9 - RAA---01

                                                                                FILE REF NO: ____________________________

     IN THE MATTER BETWEEN:
                                                                                                                 APPELLANT
     AND
                                                                                                               RESPONDENT



                                                             NOTICE OF APPEAL


     PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that (the appellant) intends to appeal the decision of the Refugee Status Determination Officer
     (RSDO) rejecting his/her application for refugee status for an order in the following terms:
     (Please provide details of the order that you want the Refugee Appeals Authority to make.)


     ___________________________________________________________________________________________________
     ___________________________________________________________________________________________________
     ___________________________________________________________________________________________________
     ___________________________________________________________________________________________________
     ______________________________________________________________________________________________


     TAKE NOTICE FURTHER that the affidavit of the appellant, annexed hereto, which sets out reasons for this appeal, will be
     used herein.


     DATED at _______________________________ on this the ___________ day of_____________________ 20_______




                                                                                                          ____________________
                                                                                                                  APPELLANT
     TO: THE REGISTRAR
     REFUGEE APPEAL BOARD


     AND
     TO: RESPONDENT




                                  This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                        No. 42932   53




                                                      Republic of South Africa
                                     REFUGEE APPEALS AUTHORITY
                                      th
                                     7 Floor, City Centre Building, 266 Pretorius Street, Pretoria
                                                   Private Bag X 500, Pretoria. 0001
                                     Tel : +27 12 316 9800 (International) (012) 316 9800 (Local)
                                                  Email: Enquiries.Rab@dha.gov.za

                                            Address all correspondence to the Registrar



      APPEAL AGAINST A DECISION BY THE REFUGEE STATUS DETERMINATION OFFICER (RSDO)


                                                                               FILE REF NO ________________________



_______________________________________________________________________________________________

                                                                                                      (APPELLANT)



                                                           And



_______________________________________________________________________________________________

                                                                                                     (RESPONDENT)

I, the undersigned, do hereby make oath and say:

1.   Background

     1.1. Date of birth: ________________________________________________________________________________

     1.2. Gender: ____________________________________________________________________________________

     1.3. Nationality: __________________________________________________________________________________

     1.4. Address in home country:

          ___________________________________________________________________________________________

          ___________________________________________________________________________________________

          ___________________________________________________________________________________________

     1.5. Marital status: ________________________________________________________________________________

     1.6. Contact details (Tel/ Mobile / Email): ______________________________________________________________

     1.7. Physical address (number and street, suburb, city and province)

          ___________________________________________________________________________________________

          ___________________________________________________________________________________________

     1.8. Name, address and telephone number of appellant's representative (if any)

          ___________________________________________________________________________________________

          ___________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
54   No. 42932                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                          Republic of South Africa
                                         REFUGEE APPEALS AUTHORITY
                                          th
                                         7 Floor, City Centre Building, 266 Pretorius Street, Pretoria
                                                       Private Bag X 500, Pretoria. 0001
                                         Tel : +27 12 316 9800 (International) (012) 316 9800 (Local)
                                                      Email: Enquiries.Rab@dha.gov.za

                                                Address all correspondence to the Registrar



     2.   Reasons why you disagree with the decision of the RSDO and all supporting documents:

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          ________________________________________________________________________________________________

          NOTE: IF SPACE IS INSUFFICIENT PLEASE USE ADDITIONAL PAGE(S). ANY ADDITIONAL PAGE(S) MUST BE

          INITIALED BY THE APPELLANT AND THE COMMISSIONER.



     _____________________________

     DEPONENT



     Signed and sworn before me at________________________ on this the ________day of _________________ 20 _____

     the deponent having acknowledged that he knows and understands the contents of this affidavit, has no objection to taking

     the prescribed oath and considers the oath to be binding on his/her conscience.

                                                                                        _____________________________

                                                                                        COMMISSIONER OF OATHS




                                 This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                 STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                     No. 42932   55




            REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA                                                                         Form 10 (DHA 1693)

            DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
            Section 27 (a) of the Refugees Act No, 130 of 1998


llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
                        (file number)

                                                                                                                            PHOTO
CERTIFICATE OF RECOGNITION OF REFUGEE STATUS IN RSA

PARTICULARS OF RECOGNISED REFUGEE IN THE RSA

FIRST NAME(S):
SURNAME:
GENDER:
DATE OF BIRTH:
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN:
NATIONALITY:
MARITAL STATUS


It is hereby certified that the person whose particulars appear above has, in terms of section 24(3) (a) of the Refugees Act 1998 (Act
130 of 1998), been granted status as a refugee in the Republic of South Africa (RSA) until [           ] on condition that this certificate of
recognition shall lapse if the holder fails to apply for the renewal of this certificate before the expiry date or departs permanently from
the Republic.

FURTHER CONDITIONS
      1.    The holder of this certificate shall immediately upon receipt hereof apply for a refugee Identity Document in the RSA as
            contemplated in section 30 of the Refugees Act, 1998 (Act. 130 of 1998).
      2.    The holder of this certificate is required to submit representation in writing of intention to extend this visa 90 days prior to
            the expiry date at the designated Refugee Reception Office.
      3.    The Certificate of Recognition of Refugee Status in RSA shall be withdrawn if the holder has been convicted and
            sentenced for a criminal offence.
      4.    The holder may not depart the Republic without a valid Refugee Travel Document issued to him or her as contemplated in
            section 31 of the Refugees Act, 1998 (Act, 130 of 1998).
      5.    The holder must forthwith, in writing notify the Refugee Reception Office of any change to his or her residential address.
      6.    The holder ceases to qualify for refugee status under the circumstances mentioned in section 5 of Refugees Act, 1998
            (Act No. 130 of 1998).
      7.    The Certificate of Recognition of Refugee Status in RSA shall be withdrawn if the holder has been recognised as a
            refugee erroneously as contemplated in section 36 of the Refugees Act, 1998 (Act. 130 of 1998).


……………………………………..                                                                         ………………………….
DIRECTOR – GENERAL                                                                       ISSUING OFFICE
DATE:
DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS



ORIGINALLY CAPTURED:                                            PRINTED BY RSDO                              FINGERPRINT IMPRESSION
DATE:                                                           DATE:
DESIGNATED RRO:                                                 PLACE:
                                                                SIGNATURE:



ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN:                                           NUMBER OF EXTESION:

RSOD SIGNATURE:                                                 VISA HOLDER SIGNATURE:




                                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
 56   No. 42932                                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019


                                                                           REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA                                                                        DHA-1687
                                                                         DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS

ic4                FIRST /RE -ISSUE APPLICATION FOR A REFUGEE IDENTITY DOCUMENT
                    THIS FORM MUST BE DULY COMPLETED.                                      TWO RECENT PHOTOS TO BE SUBMITTED
                                                                                            NITS Reference No.:
                                   FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY. PR FUNCTIONS. (Mark appropriate function)
                                                                                                                                                           IIII
 Demographics not on NPR [Function 361 (106)        Replacement [Function 049)
                                                         I           I
                                                                                                              II                                         First Application 17
 Demographics on NPR (Function 005)

Identity number

 APPLICANT
                                              I      l       1
                                                                 I




                                                                         1   1   Ill                                                               Second Application




 Supporting document.
   Surname                                                                                                                                                            FOR
   Maiden name                                                                                                                                               OFFICIAL USE
   Forename(s)                                                                                                                                                 I       I    I    I



   Date of birth                                                                   Coun ry of birth                                                                Status of
                                                                                                                                                                   Applicant
   Gender                                                                         Country of origin                                                                verified

   Contact number               II                 Il                                                                                                          !Yes'       NoI




   Refugee file number               IIIII                                       II


                                                                                                                                        OFFICE STAMP


ADDRESS
   Permanent residential address                                                              Postal address




                                                  Postal code                                                                            Postal code

                                                         Province code                                                Office code


MARITAL STATUS              Never married            Married (Type) In community           Out of community        Widower /Widow             Divorced

                                                                                        NITS Reference No.:

MARRIAGE PARTNER Identity number                                                                                              Date of birth

                              Passport No.

Forenames
Maiden name
Date of marriage                                                                  Country where married

Remarks




                  Signature of Applicant                                                                                     Date Approved


     (41


     Signature of Official checking the form                                       Persal No.                                           Date




                                                                                   Persal No.                                          Date
           Signature of Verifying Official




                                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                    STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                     No. 42932   57

                                                                          IunA-1110/ I




                      REFUGEE FIRST/
                   RE -ISSUE APPLICATION
                           FOR AN
                       IDENTITY CARD

            Fingerprints may only be taken by an official of the
            Department of Home Affairs. PLEASE NOTE: Should a
            finger be missing, deformed or so injured that the
            impression cannot be taken, this fact should be noted
            in the space provided for that impression.
         FOR OFFICIAL USE:
         FINGERPRINTS TAKEN BY:
         (PLEASE PRINT)
         Persal No.


         APPLICANT
         (a) IDENTITY NUMBER:

         Ref No.




                                                        `08002600469*




                          LEFT THUMB          RIGHT THUMB
STAPLE                                                                                         STAPLE
 HERE                                                                                           HERE




            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
58   No. 42932                                                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019


        G.P.-S. 017-9750
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                DHA-1705


                                                                  DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                                       REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                                                                 UMNYANGO WEZANGAPHAKATHI
                                                                 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Dale of Section 24 Issue....


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Dale of Section 24 expiry .....                                                                              .....


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Lost Travel Document
                   FIRST /RE -ISSUE APPLICATION                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                YESI NO


               FOR DOCUMENT FOR TRAVEL PURPOSE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Officer's signature


                           FOR REFUGEE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Persal Number




       The document must be collected at the Refugee Reception Office.


      A. PARTICULARS OF APPLICANT                                                                                                                                                                              Section 24 file number

        Surname
                                                            11                    I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  11                                                                                                          11
                                                            II
                               I       I       I                                                      1           1           1               1               1            1                                   1                               1                    1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I
                                                                                                                                                                                               1                                   1                    1                   1               1        1                                                               I




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  II
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1                   1                   1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  I




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              II
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              1                   1               1



        Forenames in full
                                                                              1                                   1




                                                            II
                                                                                                  1                           1           1               1                1                                   1               1
                                                                                                                                                                                           1                                                   1        1           1       1           1            1           1               1                       1           I                                        I               I                   I               I               I
        Maiden surname(s)                                                     I                   1               1           1           1               1                1               1                   1               1               1        1       1           1           1            1       1                   1                       I           I            II                          I               I               I                   I           I               II
        Marital status: Unmarried                                                     Married                                                                     Widower                                                                      Widow                                            Divorced                                                                 Gender: Male                                                                                     Female
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I                   I                                                                                                 I                   I




        Date of birth                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Identity number
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  l           I           I               I               I                   I               I           II
       Country of birth
                                                           11             I

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          II
                                                           II
                                                                                              1               1           1           1               1                1               1                   1               1                                1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1                               1                                                                I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1                        1       1                   1                                   I            I               I           I           I                   I               I               I


       Country of Origin
                                                                          I                   1               1           1           1               1                1               1               1               1                   1        1       1           1       1                1       1                   1                                   I                                                    I


       Postal address
                                                                      1                   1                   1           1       1                   1            1               1                   1               1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Home Tel. No.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and code                                                              I                       I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             LI                           I           I                                                                                  II
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             II
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1                   I               1               I


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Work Tel. No.
                                                                  I                   1                   1           1           1               1                1               1               1                   1                           and code                                                          1                       I                                        1           I               I               l                   l               1                  11
                                                                                                          IClold lel                                                                                                                               Cell No.
                                                                  1                   I                                                                                        I                   I                   I                                                                                             I                       I               1   _        I           I           I               I               L                   I               I                 l      l__1

      B. FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY - CERTIFICATION OF PARTICULARS (PLEASE PRINT)
       I, (Surname and forenames in full),
       designation (rank)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        hereby 'certify that-
       (a)   The applicant appeared before me and produced the following means of identity
       (b)   The accompanying photos are a true image of the applicant and have been endorsed by me as prescribed; and
       (c)   The thumbprint below has been taken by me and belongs to the applicant. (delete if not applicable- thumbprint required
             only if the applicant is 16 years and older)
       Date         1      1       1       1
                                                                                                                  Signed
                                                   1   1     1




                                                                                                                                                  Officer of the Department of Home Affairs /Person Authorised by DHA
      Address

             SIGNATURE OF APPLICANT                                                                                   PHOTO OF APPLICANT                                                                                                                                LEFT THUMBPRINT OF THE APPLICANT /OR




                                                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                   STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                        No. 42932   59



                                                                                                                                                 DHA-1705


                                                    INSTRUCTIONS AND INFORMATION
     1.          Important notes                                                                 or stolen are double the normal fee, provided that
                 (a) South African travel facilities are granted in                              if the loss, damage or theft was not due te the
                                                                                                negligence of the passport holder, only the normal fee
                     accordance with the South African Passports and
                                                                                                will be payable.
                     Travel Documents Act, 1994 (Act No. 4 of 1994) and
                    South African Passports and Travel Documents                          (d) Passports/Travel Documents lost or stolen in South
                    Regulations, 1996.                                                        Africa must be reported to the SAPS immediately, a
                                                                                              case number obtained at the nearest Home Affairs
                (b) A Document for Travel Purposes may be issued to a                         office. If lost or stolen outside South Africa, it must be
                    person who has permanent residence status, but                              reported to the nearest South African foreign office.
                    who cannot obtain a passport from his /her country
                    of origin or is a stateless or refugee person lawfully         3.     Photographs
                    residing in the country.
                                                                                          (a) Two recent, clear, unmounted photographs of the
            (c)     Husband, wife and children must complete separate                         applicant (showing head and shoulders) measuring
                    application forms.                                                        35mm x 45mm must accompany the application. The
                                                                                                certifying officer shall endorse the initials and surname
            (d) A Passport or Travel Document can only be issued                                of the applicant in block letters on the reverse side
                to an applicant who is in possession of an identity                             of one of the photographs and shall affix the second
                number. Applicants must submit a certified copy of                              photograph to the appropriate space on the applica-
                their identity documents along with their applicants for                        tion form.
                passports or travel documents. If not in possession of
                an identity document, an application must accompany            4.        Validity
                   the application for a passport or travel document.

           (e) A full set of fingerprints (or thumbprint, as the case                    Child passport/Travel Document:         Validity of the refugee
               may be) is required from all applicants 16 years and                                                              status
               older. In addition to the applicant's left thumbprint on                  Document for Travel Purposes:
               the front page hereof, a full set of fingerprints will be
               required if an applicant's fingerprints are not on the                                                            Not exceeding one
                   Home Affairs National Identification system yet.                                                              year from date         of
                  A child will be issued with his /her own Travel                                                                issue, but not beyond
           (f)
                  Document. Please refer to paragraph C (page 2)                                                                the validity status of
                  regarding consent for a minor.                                                                                the refugee permit

          (g)     A recent photograph of the bearer of a child passport        5.       Documents and information which may be required
                  must be endorsed in the child passport if the photo-                  All information in the application is subject to verification
                  graph which currently appears in the child passport is                and, if no proof in support thereof has been submitted
                  no longer a true image of the bearer.
                                                                                        upon application, the refugee status permit or any other
          (h) To ensure that the applicants receive their Travel                        document may be requested in order to substantiate any
                                                                                        statement made in the application.
                  Documents in time, they are advised to apply at least
                  two months prior to their intended date of departure.
                                                                              6.        Vaccination requirements for international travel
          (i)     Applications must be lodged at Refugee Reception                      purposes
                  Officer of the Department of Home Affairs.
                                                                                        Persons who intend travelling are advised to contact the
2.    Prescribed fees                                                                   Department of Health, Private Bag X828, Pretoria, 0001
                                                                                        [Tel:   (012) 312 0000], or any of that Department's
      (a)         I he   tees for    passports /travel   documents      are             Domestic Offices, prior to travelling, to obtain full particulars
                  available on the Department of Home Affairs'                          regarding vaccination requirements.
                  website: www.home -affairs.gov.za or at any Home
                  Affairs office /South African foreign office. Fees are      7.        Visa and other requirements
                  revised annually (April).
                                                                                        Travellers are advised to check with the countries they
      (b) Fees are payable in cash upon submission of the                               intend visiting /transiting their visa and other requirements
                 application at a Home Affairs office.                                  and ensure that they comply.

      (c) The fees for a passport/travel document lost, damaged,




                                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
60   No. 42932                                                                GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019



                                                                                                                                                                                             DHA-1705

     C. CERTIFICATE OF CONSENT BY BOTH PARENTS OR GUARDIAN FOR A MINOR
      (a)   I /We, the undersigned, consent to the issue of a Travel Document as applied for by my /our child (name of child)


            lllllllllllllllfllllllllllllllllllllll
                                                                                                                       (d)    For purposes of passport a minor means any person who has not
                                                                                                                              yet attained the age of 18 years, excluding a person under the said
                                                                                                                              age who-
                                    Signature of father                                                                            (i)     has been declared a major under the age of Majority Act,
                                                                                                                                           1972 (Act No. 57 of 1972)
      ID No.
                       I        I         I       I       I       I       I       I       I       I       I       I
                                                                                                                                   (ii)    has contracted a legal marriage; or

                                                                                                                                   (iii)   is legally emancipated.



                           Signature of mother                                                                        (e)    Consent: Subject to the exceptions below, minors require the writ-
                                                                                                                             ten consent of both their parents or guardians, as the case may be,
      ID No.

      (b)
                       IIIIIIIIIIII
            in the case of competent authority:
                                                                                                                             before they may be granted Travel Documents. The required written
                                                                                                                             consent by the parents or guardians must be given in the prescribed
                                                                                                                             manner in the space provided adjacent hereto.



                                                                                                                      (f)    Exceptions: If one of the parents is deceased, this factmust be
                                                                                                                             stated. Where the consent is given by a guardian, the circumstances
               Signature of competent authority
                                                                                                                             of the guardianship must be stated. If as a result of special circum-
                                                                                                                             stances (i.e. the absence of a parent), it is not possible to complete
      ID No.
                   I        I         I       I       I       I       I       I       I       I       I       I
                                                                                                                             the certificate, written consent in some other form (e.g. a letter from
      (c)   In the case of guardianship:                                                                                     the absent parent) will be accepted. If a parent (or guardian) refuses
                                                                                                                             to give his /her consent a competent -court may order otherwise. The
                                                                                                                             relevant court order must accompany the Travel Document
                                                                                                                             application in such an event. If parents are divorced, both parents'
                                                                                                                             consent are required unless a competent court orders otherwise. If a
                                                                                                                             parent or another person has been granted sole guardianship by a
                           Signature of guardian
                                                                                                                             competent court, the consent of the other parent or the parents will
                                                                                                                             not be necessary.
      ID No.
                   illlllllllll

    D. DECLARATION


                                                                                                                                                  hereby declare that the information furnished
     above is to the best of my knowledge and belief correct and I concur that if I do not claim my Travel Document within three
     (3) months from date of issue, my Travel Document will be destroyed and I will forfeit my fee.




     Date

                                                                                                                             *Signature                                          Place

     *(Signature of the applicant except where a father, mother or guardian signs on behalf of his /her minor
      child under the age of 18 years.)




                                                                  This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                     STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                         No. 42932   61




                                                                                                       DHA-1705



                   MOTIVATION FOR TRAVEL DOCUMENT
                                                                                                          i




                                                                                                   .




1.1110V 1-             11Y7111 IJVU A111ii7U 1   flt 1l11 U71IJJ 1   J77J11770 NU 371 O 11 IUIY7




             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
62   No. 42932                                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                    REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
                              home affairs                      DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS                                                Form 13

                              Department:                      Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998
                              Home Affairs         (Regulation 20)
                              REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
                                                         NOTICE OF CHANGE OF ADDRESS

  The form must be completed in BLACK INK with BLOCK LETTERS.

 PARTICULARS OF AYLUM SEEKER / REFUGEE
 Asylum Seeker No. /
 Refugee No.
 Date of Birth                          Y   Y    Y   Y     M    M    M   M   M   M   M   M   M           D   D    (write month in full)
 Surname

 Previous/Maiden surname

 Forenames in full

 Old Residential address:      Street

                        Town/Village
                             Province                                                                              Postal code

 Telephone no., incl. area code
 E-mail address

 NEW RESIDENTIAL ADDRESS

 Residential address:          Street

                        Town/Village
                             Province                                                                                                     Postal code

 Telephone no., incl. area code                                                                                  Cell phone no.

 E-mail address

 NEW WORK ADDRESS (IF APPLICABLE)

 Business / Work address:      Street

                        Town/Village

                             Province                                                                                                     Postal code

 Telephone no., incl. area code                                                                                  Cell phone no.

 E-mail address

 Address of place of study



 Tel. No. of School                                                                                                                       Postal code

 E-mail address of School




                                                This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                              No. 42932   63




                                                                                                                      Form 14



                                                DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                                  REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

            APPLICATION TO BE ALLOWED TO REMAIN IN THE REPUBLIC AFTER TERMINATION OF DEPENDANCY
                                     Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                   [Section 21B(4) and (4); Regulation 2(6) and (2)]


NOTE:
1. The applicant must provide proof, where possible.
2. Additional paper may be used, if the space provided in this Form is not sufficient.


A. PERSONAL PARTICULARS OF THE APPLICANT

 Surname:
 Names:
 Date of Birth:                                                                              Age
 Sex: (write in full)
 Nationality:                                           Previous nationality, if any
 Place of Birth:                                        Country of Birth
 File Number:
 Refugee Identity No:
 Contact Details:         Residential Address


                          Tel No.
                          Cell
                          Email
  Marital Status:         Single                        Married             Divorced               Widow/Widower


 File Number:


B. CRIMINAL RECORDS (Please provide police clearance)


Do you have any previous criminal convictions?
Yes or No

                                                   If yes, specify the following:
Have you served a prison term or paid a fine or appealed your conviction?              Yes                  No

Date of conviction:
Type of offence:


Name of the court:
Type of sentence handed down:


Nature of crime/offence committed:




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
64   No. 42932                              GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 27 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                                                                                           Form 14



                                                           DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                                             REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                     APPLICATION TO BE ALLOWED TO REMAIN IN THE REPUBLIC AFTER TERMINATION OF DEPENDANCY
                                              Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                            [Section 21B(4) and (4); Regulation 2(6) and (2)]




         C. TRAVEL HISTORY

         Are you in possession of your passport / travel document / Identity Document
         from your country of origin? (Please indicate what is applicable)
         Issued by the United Nations? (Yes / No)
         Since you have been recognized as a refugee in RSA, have you ever                    Yes                          No
         travelled abroad?
         If Yes, please provide details of travels abroad. (use separate page to add more details)

                             Date                                    Country                                   Purpose of travel
                     (Arrival – Departure)




         D. DETAILS OF PERSON ON WHOM APPLICANT WAS DEPENDED ON

          Full Names:
          Date of birth:
          Nationality:                                                               Country of birth:
          Contact details:          Physical Address


                                    Tel No.
                                    Cell
                                    Email
          Death / Marriage certificate, Divorce order or Termination affidavit for   Yes / No _____________
          spousal relationship produced?




         I …………………………………………………………..whose particulars appear above, in terms of regulation 2(2) hereby apply to be
         allowed to continue to remain in the Republic for a period coinciding with the remaining period of my certificate of recognition of refugee
         status. I was granted a derivative status as refugee in the Republic of South Africa, based on my claim in terms of sections 3 (c) of the
         Refugees Act, 1998 (Act 130 of 1998). Subsequently, I was issued with the certificate for recognition in terms of been of sections 24 (3)
         (a) of the Refugees Act, 1998.




         E. REASONS FOR TERMINATION OF DEPENDANCY


         State the reason for termination of dependency (provide proof, where applicable):
         Mark with X, whichever is applicable:
         (a)   Death of person mentioned under section D:                        ___ (attach copy of death certificate)
         (b)   Divorce from person mentioned under section D:                    _____ (attach copy of divorce order)
         (c)   Affidavit on termination of spousal relationship:                 _____ (attach affidavit)
         (d)   Attained independence from parent and is no longer a minor:       ____ (attach copy of identity document or marriage certificate)




                                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                    STAATSKOERANT, 27 DESEMBER 2019                                                                                  No. 42932   65




                                                                                                                                                                            Form 14



                                                                  DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                                                     REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                APPLICATION TO BE ALLOWED TO REMAIN IN THE REPUBLIC AFTER TERMINATION OF DEPENDANCY
                                         Refugees Act, 1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998)
                                       [Section 21B(4) and (4); Regulation 2(6) and (2)]



F. APPLICANT’S CURRENT DEPENDANTS (Attach copy of birth certificate)


Name                                                           Date of birth                Relationship                               Place of birth
                                                                                                                                       (attach copy of birth certificate or ID)




Are these dependents your biological children or parents? Yes or No: …………………
If No please explain: ………………………………………………………………………………………………


G. DECLARATION BY THE APPLICANT


I, ........................................................................................................., have submitted to the fact that the above information is to the best
of my knowledge true and correct.


Signature: ..................................... Place: .................................. Date: ...................................




H. INTERPRETER
    Interpretation UCID Number:
    (If none complete details below)
    Name of Interpreter                                                                                         Contact Number:
    Qualification:                                                                                              Institute:




I. FOR OFFICE USE ONLY
Documents submitted:
________ Birth Certificate
________ Identity Document
________ Marriage Certificate
________ Death Certificate
________ Divorce order
________ Affidavit on termination of spousal relationship
________ Affidavit or other documents

Decision by Refugee Status Determination O fficer:
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________


Signature ____________________________                                                                                    Date______________________


Name: ______________________________                                                                                      Persal: ____________________




                                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
