   Government Gazette
     Staatskoerant
               R EPU B LI C OF S OUT H AF RICA
               REPUBLIEK VAN SUID-AFRIKA
               Regulation Gazette                No. 10199        Regulasiekoerant

                                                       May
              Vol. 587              Pretoria, 22
                                                       Mei
                                                           2014         No. 37679




                                      PART 1 OF 2

                 N.B. The Government Printing Works will
                 not be held responsible for the quality of
                 “Hard Copies” or “Electronic Files”
                 submitted for publication purposes



           AIDS HELPLINE: 0800-0123-22 Prevention is the cure


402000—A                                                                             37679—1
  2       No. 37679                                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                              IMPORTANT NOTICE
      The Government Printing Works will not be held responsible for faxed documents not received due
      to errors on the fax machine or faxes received which are unclear or incomplete. Please be advised
      that an “OK” slip, received from a fax machine, will not be accepted as proof that documents were
      received by the GPW for printing. If documents are faxed to the GPW it will be the sender’s respon-
      sibility to phone and confirm that the documents were received in good order.
      Furthermore the Government Printing Works will also not be held responsible for cancellations and
      amendments which have not been done on original documents received from clients.




                               CONTENTS                                                                                INHOUD
                                                                Page       Gazette                                                                  Bladsy Koerant
    No.                                                                                  No.
                                                                 No.        No.                                                                      No.     No.

                     PROCLAMATIONS                                                                         PROKLAMASIES
  R. 32 Immigration Amendment Act (3/2007):                                            R. 32 Wysigingswet op Immigrasie (3/2007):
        Commencement ......................................            3     37679           Inwerkingtreding ......................................     4   37679
  R. 33 Immigration Amendment Act (13/2011):                                           R. 33 Wysigingswet op Immigrasie (13/2011):
        Commencement ......................................            5     37679           Inwerkingtreding ......................................     6   37679
                          GOVERNMENT NOTICE                                                             GOEWERMENTSKENNISGEWING
Home Affairs, Department of                                                          Binnelandse Sake, Departement van
Government Notice                                                                    Goewermentskennisgewing
 R. 413 Immigration Act (13/2002): Immigration                                        R. 413 Immigration Act (13/2002): Immigration
        Regulations .............................................      7     37679           Regulations .............................................   7   37679




                                                This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   3


                                       PROCLAMATION
                                                  by the
                       President of the Republic of South Africa

No. R. 32, 2014

        COMMENCEMENT OF THE IMMIGRATION AMENDMENT ACT, 2007 (ACT
        NO. 3 OF 2007)



        In terms of section 12 of the Immigration Amendment Act, 2007 (Act No. 3 of
        2007), I hereby determine 26 May 2014 as the date on which the said Act shall
        come into operation.


        Given under my Hand and the Seal of the Republic of South Africa
        at   (F)C01-1-Gr             on this          day of..   nqq.. Two Thousand and
        Fourteen.




        By Order of the President-In-Cabinet




        c A,
         Minister of the Cabinet




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
 4   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014


                                          PROKLAMASIE
                                                   van die
                       President van die Republiek van Suid-Afrika

No. R. 32, 2014


      INWERKINGTREDING VAN DIE WYSIGINGSWET OP IMMIGRASIE, 2007 (WET
      NO. 3 VAN 2007)



      Kragtens artikel 12 van die Wysigingswet op Immigrasie, 2007 (Wet No. 3 van
      2007}, bepaal ek hierby 26 Mei 2014 as die datum waarop genoemde Wet in
      werking tree.


      Gegee ander my Hand en die Seel van die Republiek van Suid-Afrika to
                      op hede die 1'        dag van    t6-\          Twee
      Duisend en Veertien.




      Pre




      Op las van die President-in-Kabinet




      Minister van die Kabinet




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   5


                                       PROCLAMATION
                                                  by the
                       President of the Republic of South Africa

No. R. 33, 2014

        COMMENCEMENT OF THE IMMIGRATION AMENDMENT ACT, 2011 (ACT
        NO. 13 OF 2011)



        In terms of section 27 of the Immigration Amendment Act, 2011 (Act No. 13 of
        2011), I hereby determine 26 May 2014 as the date on which the said Act shall
        Come into operation.


        Given under my Hand and the Seal of the Republic of South Africa
        at. Pe'     r--
                           on this    day of t-\-e15-) Two Thousand and
        Fourteen.




        By Order of the President-In-Cabinet




        Minister of the Cabinet




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
 6   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014


                                          PROKLAMASIE
                                                   van die
                       President van die Republiek van Suid-Afrika

No. R. 33, 2014

       INWERKINGTREDING VAN DIE WYSIGINGSWET OP IMMIGRASIE, 2011 (WET
       NO. 13 VAN 2011)



       Kragtens artikel 27 van die Wysigingswet op Immigrasie, 2011 (Wet No. 13 van
       2011), bepaal ek hierby 26 Mei 2014 as die datum waarop genoemde Wet in
       werking tree.


       Gegee onder my Hand en die Seel van die Republiek van Suid-Afrika te
                   Oop hede die       I Ic;)       dag van                               Twee Duisend en
       Veertien.




       Op las van die President-in-Kabinet




       Minister van die Kabinet




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                          STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   7



                                      GOVERNMENT NOTICE

                                  DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
No. R. 413                                                                                       22 May 2014

                                       IMMIGRATION ACT, 2002
                                   IMMIGRATION REGULATIONS

    The Minister of Home Affairs has, in terms of section 7 of the Immigration Act, 2002 (Act No. 13
    of 2002), after consultation with the Immigration Advisory Board, made the Regulations in the
    Schedule.


                                                     SCHEDULE


    Definitions


    1.    In these Regulations, any word or expression to which a meaning has been assigned in the
    Act shall have the meaning so assigned and, unless the context otherwise indicates-
    "biometrics" means fingerprints and a photograph;
     "learning institution" means-
    (a)    an institution of higher education established in terms of the Higher Education Act, 1997
           (Act No. 101 of 1997); or
    (b)    a college established in terms of the Further Education and Training Colleges Act, 2006
           (Act No. 16 of 2006), but does not include-
           (i)   a school offering further education and training programmes under the South African
                 Schools Act, 1996 (Act No. 84 of 1996); or
           (ii) a college under the authority of a government department other than the Department
                 of Higher Education and Training; or
    (c)    a school contemplated in section 1 of the South African Schools Act, 1996 (Act No. 84 of
            1996);




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
8    No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



    "medical report" means a report by a registered medical practitioner with regard to the
    applicant's general state of health, detailing any medical condition he or she suffers from,
    which report shall not be older than six months at the time of its submission;
    "Medical Schemes Act" means the Medical Schemes Act, 1998 (Act No. 131 of 1998);
    "National Qualifications Framework Act" means the National Qualifications Framework Act,
    2008 (Act No. 67 of 2008);
    "police clearance certificate" means a certificate issued by the police or security authority in
    each country where the relevant applicant resided for 12 months or longer after attaining the
    age of 18 years, in respect of criminal records or the character of that applicant, which
    certificate shall not be older than six months at the time of its submission: Provided that the
    certificate shall not be required from a foreign country in the case of renewal or extension of a
    visa but from the Republic;
    "proof of sufficient financial means" means proof by means of-
    (a)   a three months bank statement;
    (b)   cash available to the applicant,
    Provided that the amount shall not be less than the amount determined annually by the
    Minister by notice in the Gazette;
    (c)   travellers' cheques;
    (d)   an undertaking, supported by a bank statement or salary advice, by a South African
          citizen or permanent resident that he or she will be hosting the applicant and accepting
          responsibility for the costs related to the maintenance and removal of the applicant from
          the Republic; or
    (e)   in the case of learners or students, an undertaking to the learning institution for payment
          of all fees and accommodation from a bursary scheme or scholarship or parents, as the
          case may be;
    "radiological report" means a report by a registered radiologist certifying that the applicant
    has been examined and that no signs of active pulmonary tuberculosis could be detected,
    which report shall not be older than six months at the time of its submission;
    "SAQA" means the South African Qualifications Authority established in terms of the National
    Qualifications Framework Act, 2008 (Act No. 67 of 2008);
    "the Act" means the Immigration Act, 2002 (Act No.13 of 2002); and
    "unaccompanied minor" means a child under the age of 18 years who travels alone.




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                              No. 37679   9



Passports
2.(1) A passport shall-
   (a)     be machine readable;
   (b)     contain the following information relating to the holder:
           (i)     full names and surname;
           (ii)    date and place of birth;
           (iii)   a photograph clearly and correctly depicting his or her facial features;
           (iv)    gender; and
           (v)     nationality;
    (c)    contain the following information relating to the passport itself:
           (i)     travel document type;
           (ii)    travel document number;
           (iii)   name of the issuing authority;
           (iv)    place of issue;
           (v)     date on which it was issued; and
           (vi)    expiry date thereof; and
    (d)    have at least two unused pages when presented for purposes of endorsing a port of
           entry visa, visa, permanent residence permit or entry or departure stamp.
(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of subregulation (1)(a), a foreigner may be admitted into or
depart from the Republic with a non-machine readable passport: Provided that-
    (a)    he or she is from a foreign state that is issuing machine readable passports and has
           not completely phased out the non-machine readable passports; and
    (b)    his or her passport was issued after 24 November 2005 and its date of expiry is
           before 24 November 2015.
(3) The period of validity of a passport contemplated in section 9(4)(a) of the Act shall not be
less than 30 days after the foreigner's intended date of departure from the Republic.
(4) The international, regional or sub-regional organisations contemplated in the definition of
passport in section 1(1) of the Act, are-
   (a)    the United Nations, excluding its agencies, except for the United Nations High
          Commissioner for Refugees;
   (b)    the African Union;
   (c)    the European Union;
   (d)    the Southern African Development Community; and
   (e)    the African Development Bank.




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
10   No. 37679                         GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



     Permanent homosexual or heterosexual relationship
     3.(1) An applicant for a visa or permanent residence permit in terms of the Act who asserts in
     his or her application to be a spouse, as defined in section 1 of the Act, must prove to the
     satisfaction of the Director-General that he or she is a spouse to a citizen or permanent
     residence permit holder in the manner set out in subregulation (2).
     (2) An applicant contemplated in subregulation (1) must submit-
           (a)   a notarial agreement signed by both parties attesting that-
                 (i)     the permanent homosexual or heterosexual relationship has existed for at least
                         two years before the date of application for a relevant visa or permanent
                         residence permit and that the relationship still exists to the exclusion of any
                         other person ; and
                 (ii)    neither of the parties is a spouse in an existing marriage or a permanent
                         homosexual or heterosexual relationship;
           (b)   an affidavit on Part A of Form 12 illustrated in Annexure A, confirming the continued
                 existence of the relationship;
           (c)    in the case where such a party was a spouse in a previous marriage, any official
                  documents that prove the dissolution of such marriage either by divorce or the
                  death of the other spouse;
           (d)    documentation to prove-
                  (i)     the financial support to each other; and
                  (ii)    the extent to which the related responsibilities are shared by the applicant and
                          his or her spouse; and
           (e)   in the case of a relationship concluded between two foreigners in a foreign country,
                 an official recognition of the relationship issued by the relevant authorities of the
                 country concerned, if available.
     (3)   Both partners to a homosexual or heterosexual relationship must be interviewed
     separately, on the same date and time, to determine the authenticity of the existence of their
     relationship.
     (4) An applicant contemplated in subregulation (1) who has been issued with a visa or
     permanent residence permit must, after a period of two years from the date of issuing of that
     visa or permanent residence permit, inform the Director-General whether or not the spousal
     relationship still exists by submitting to the Director-General an affidavit on Part B of Form 12
     illustrated in Annexure A.




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   11



(5) An applicant contemplated in subregulation (1) who has been granted a visa or permanent
residence permit on the basis of the relationship must immediately inform the Director-General
when his or her relationship ceases to exist.
(6) The Director-General may, upon receipt of the information contemplated in subregulation
(5), withdraw the visa or permanent residence permit issued on the basis of the existence of a
permanent homosexual or heterosexual relationship.
(7) Whenever it appears to the Director-General that a visa or permanent residence permit was
acquired through error, misrepresentation or fraud, he or she shall withdraw the visa or
permanent residence permit and, where applicable, cause criminal charges to be laid against
all parties implicated in the misrepresentation or fraud.


Appointment of individual persons to Board by Minister
4.(1) The Minister shall invite members of the public to nominate persons contemplated in
section 4(2)(a)(v) of the Act for appointment to the Board.
(2) The invitation contemplated in subregulation (1) shall be advertised nationally.
(3) Nominations shall be submitted in writing and shall include-
   (a)   the full names, surname and contact details of the persons being nominated;
   (b)   a brief curriculum vitae of the persons being nominated; and
   (c)   a signed statement of acceptance of such nomination by the person being nominated.
(4) The Minister shall consider all nominations received and appoint five suitable persons to
the Board within 30 days after the closing date for the submission of nominations.


Operations of Board
5.(1) The Chairperson of the Board shall convene the meetings of the Board.
(2) The Board shall adopt rules to govern the procedure at its meetings.


Admission and departure
6.(1) An application for exemption contemplated in section 9(3)(b) of the Act shall be made on
Form 3 illustrated in Annexure A.
(2) An examination contemplated in section 9(3)(d) of the Act shall take place when a person
presents himself or herself to an immigration officer.
(3) A person contemplated in subregulation (2) shall-
   (a)   satisfy the immigration officer that he or she-




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
12   No. 37679                          GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



                 (i)     is not an illegal foreigner by producing a valid passport and port of entry visa, if
                         applicable;
                 (ii)    is not a prohibited person by proving that he or she complies with the provisions
                         of section 29 of the Act;
                 (iii)   if previously declared an undesirable person, has complied with section 30(2) of
                         the Act; and
                 (iv)    is not in contravention of the Act by producing a visa commensurate with the
                         activities to be undertaken by him or her in the Republic;
           (b)   if entering the Republic for purposes of a visa contemplated in section 11(1)(a) of the
                 Act, provide a residential address of the intended place of stay within the Republic
                 and the business, residential or physical address of his or her host in the Republic,
                 and undertake to report any change of his or her address, and that of his or her host
                 in the Republic, at the nearest Office of the Department within 48 hours of any change
                 of such address or addresses;
           (c)   provide proof of settlement, in the form of a receipt, of any outstanding administrative
                 fine imposed under section 50(1) of the Act prior to its amendment by section 25(a) of
                 the Immigration Amendment Act, 2011 (Act No. 13 of 2011);
           (d)   submit to the immigration officer Form 4 illustrated in Annexure A; and
           (e)   subject himself or herself to biometric verification prior to admission into the Republic
                 and upon departure from the Republic.
     (4)    If an immigration officer is not satisfied with the information submitted in accordance with
     subregulation (3)(d), he or she may require of that person to either complete the form once
     again, or to make a declaration on Form 5 illustrated in Annexure A.
     (5)   If a person is unable to complete the form contemplated in subregulation 3(d) or the
     declaration contemplated in subregulation (4), the immigration officer shall, if necessary-
           (a)   question him or her with the assistance of an interpreter;
           (b)   complete the mentioned form or declaration or cause it to be completed; and
           (c)   require that person to sign that form or declaration or to affix his or her left thumb print
                 thereto.
     (6) An immigration officer who has not been satisfied as contemplated in subregulation (3)(a),
     may interview that person and shall record the general contents of that interview on Form 6
     illustrated in Annexure A.
     (7) An immigration officer may, if there is reason to suspect that any person is infected with or
     is the carrier of any of the diseases or viruses contemplated in regulation 26(1), refer such




                                This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                       STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   13



person seeking admission into the Republic to a port health officer at the port of entry and, after
consultation with the port health officer, decide whether or not to admit such person seeking
admission or hold him or her in quarantine.
(8) An immigration officer shall not admit into the Republic any person unless he or she is
satisfied that such person poses no risk or intends no harm to the Republic or citizens of the
Republic.
(9) When examining a person before his or her departure from the Republic, an immigration
officer shall ensure that that person is not-
    (a)     a fugitive from justice; or
    (b)     the subject of a court order that orders the Department to prevent his or her
            departure.
(10) Any child who is in alternative care as defined in the Children's Act, 2005 (Act No. 38 of
2005) shall, before departing from the Republic, produce a certified copy of an authorisation
letter from the Provincial Head of the Department of Social Development where the child
resides as contemplated in section 169 of the Children's Act.
(11) An immigration officer shall refuse any person contemplated in subregulation (9) or who
does not comply with subregulation (10), to depart from the Republic.
(12)(a) Where parents are travelling with a child, such parents must produce an unabridged
birth certificate of the child reflecting the particulars of the parents of the child.
(b) In the case of one parent travelling with a child, he or she must produce an unabridged
birth certificate and-
     (i)    consent in the form of an affidavit from the other parent registered as a parent on the
            birth certificate of the child authorising him or her to enter into or depart from the
            Republic with the child he or she is travelling with;
     (ii)   a court order granting full parental responsibilities and rights or legal guardianship in
            respect of the child, if he or she is the parent or legal guardian of the child; or
     (iii) where applicable, a death certificate of the other parent registered as a parent of the
            child on the birth certificate;
     Provided that the Director-General may, where the parents of the child are both deceased
     and the child is travelling with a relative or another person related to him or her or his or
     her parents, approve such a person to enter into or depart from the Republic with such a
     child.
(c) Where a person is travelling with a child who is not his or her biological child, he or she
     must produce-




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
14   No. 37679                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



         (i)     a copy of the unabridged birth certificate of the child;
         (ii)    an affidavit from the parents or legal guardian of the child confirming that he or she
                 has permission to travel with the child;
         (iii) copies of the identity documents or passports of the parents or legal guardian of the
                 child; and
         (iv) the contact details of the parents or legal guardian of the child,
         Provided that the Director-General may, where the parents of the child are both deceased
         and the child is travelling with a relative or another person related to him or her or his or
         her parents, approve such a person to enter into or depart from the Republic with such a
         child.
     (d) Any unaccompanied minor shall produce to the immigration officer-
         (i)     proof of consent from one of or both his or her parents or legal guardian, as the case
                 may be, in the form of a letter or affidavit for the child to travel into or depart from the
                 Republic: Provided that in the case where one parent provides proof of consent, that
                 parent must also provide a copy of a court order issued to him or her in terms of
                 which he or she has been granted full parental responsibilities and rights in respect of
                 the child;
         (ii)    a letter from the person who is to receive the child in the Republic, containing his or
                 her residential address and contact details in the Republic where the child will be
                 residing;
         (iii) a copy of the identity document or valid passport and visa or permanent residence
                 permit of the person who is to receive the child in the Republic; and
         (iv) the contact details of the parents or legal guardian of the child.
     (13) Any person who destroyed a passport, or presented a passport that is confirmed to be
     false or fraudulently altered, shall be refused entry and an immigration officer shall-
           (a)     confirm such refusal on Form 7A illustrated in Annexure A;
           (b)     confiscate such passport; and
           (c)     cause such person to be returned to his or her point of embarkation.
     (14) The passport confiscated as contemplated in subregulation (13)(b) shall, together with
     Form 7B illustrated in Annexure A, be handed to the purported issuing authority's embassy,
     high commission or representative in the Republic.
     (15) Any person found in the Republic in possession of a fraudulent, false or counterfeit
     passport shall be referred for detention or prosecution on Form 7C illustrated in Annexure A.




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                       STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   15



(16) The recording of the entry or departure contemplated in section 9(3)(c) of the Act shall be
by means of scanning the passport and Form 4, and by endorsing the entry or departure in the
passport of the person.
(17) Any person who provides the immigration officer with incorrect or false information
knowing it to be incorrect or false shall be refused entry by the immigration officer.


Representations to Director-General or Minister

7.(1) The form contemplated in section 8(1) of the Act shall be Form 1 illustrated in Annexure
A.
(2) A decision contemplated in section 8(3) of the Act shall be communicated to the relevant
person in writing on Form 2 illustrated in Annexure A.
(3) The applications contemplated in section 8(4) and (6) of the Act shall be on Form 49
illustrated in Annexure A, addressed to the Director-General or the Minister, as the case may
be.


Place of entry or exit
8.(1) The designation of any place as a port of entry in terms of section 9A of the Act shall be
made by the Minister in writing.
(2) A designation of any place as a port of entry shall be published in the Gazette.


Visas to temporarily sojourn in Republic
9.(1) An application for any visa referred to in section 11 up to and including sections 20 and
22 of the Act shall be made on Form 8 illustrated in Annexure A together with all supporting
documents and accompanied by-
      (a)   a valid passport in respect of each applicant;
      (b)   a yellow fever vaccination certificate if that person travelled or intends travelling from
            or transiting through a yellow fever endemic area: Provided that the certificate shall not
            be required where that person travelled or intends travelling in direct transit through
            such area;
      (c)   a medical and radiological report in respect of each applicant, excluding applicants for
            the visa contemplated in section 11(1)(a) of the Act: Provided that a radiological report
            shall not be required in respect of children under the age of 12 years or pregnant
            women;




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
16   No. 37679                           GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



           (d)     in respect of dependent children accompanying the applicant or joining the applicant in
                   the Republic, proof of parental responsibilities and rights or written consent in the form
                   of an affidavit from the other parent or legal guardian, as the case may be;
           (e)     in respect of a spouse accompanying the applicant or joining the applicant in the
                   Republic, a copy of a marriage certificate or proof of a relationship as contemplated in
                   regulation 3; and
           (f)     payment of the applicable application fee.
     (2) Any applicant for any visa referred to in subregulation (1) must submit his or her application
     in person to-
            (a)     any foreign mission of the Republic where the applicant is ordinarily resident or holds
                    citizenship; or
            (b)     any mission of the Republic that may from time to time be designated by the Director-
                    General to receive applications in respect of any country in which a mission of the
                    Republic has not been established.
     (3)         Any applicant for a visa may be requested to be interviewed at the relevant South African
     mission whenever it appears to any official processing his or her application that it is necessary
     to do so.
     (4) The documents contemplated in subregulation (1) shall be-
            (a)     originals or copies authenticated by the issuing authority of the country of origin; and
            (b)     translated into one of the official languages of the Republic, where applicable, and
                    certified as a correct translation by a sworn translator at the expense of the applicant.
     (5) A foreigner who is in the Republic and applies for a change of status or terms and
     conditions relating to his or her visa shall-
            (a)     submit his or her application, on Form 9 illustrated in Annexure A, no less than 60
                    days prior to the expiry date of his or her visa; and
            (b)     provide proof that he or she has been admitted lawfully into the Republic,
            Provided that no person holding a visitor's or medical treatment visa may apply for a
            change of status to his or her visa while in the Republic, unless exceptional circumstances
            set out in subregulation (9) exist.
     (6) Any visa contemplated in section 10 of the Act issued at a foreign mission of the Republic,
     shall-
            (a)     be affixed to the passport of the applicant; and
            (b)     only be valid if an entry stamp has been affixed thereto at the port of entry and the
                    date of such entry stamp shall be the effective date.




                                 This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                          STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   17



   (7) The individual terms and conditions contemplated in section 10(5) of the Act with regard to
   a visa shall relate to, but not be limited to-
       (a)   limitations on the type of activities that may be undertaken in the Republic;
       (b)   the places where the activities contemplated in paragraph (a) may be undertaken;
       (c)   the types of commercial activity that may be practised;
       (d)   the submission of proof of sufficient financial means;
       (e)   limitations on the period of the visit or the validity of the visa; or
       (f)   cancellation of the visa in the event the holder has been convicted of any offence
             under the Act or any other law.
   (8) An application for an extension contemplated in section 10(7) of the Act shall-
       (a)   be made on Form 10 illustrated in Annexure A, as the case may be;
       (b)   be accompanied by an affidavit by the applicant attesting to having complied with his
             or her existing visa, the terms and conditions attached thereto and the laws of the
             Republic; and
       (c)   be submitted in person at any office of the Department no less than 60 days prior to
             the expiry date of his or her visa and if the visa was issued for less than 30 days, not
             later than seven working days before the expiry of the visa.
   (9) The exceptional circumstances contemplated in section 10(6)(b) of the Act shall -
       (a)   in respect of a holder of a visitor's visa, be that the applicant-
             (i)    is   in need of emergency life saving medical treatment for longer than three
                    months;
             (ii)   is an accompanying spouse or child of a holder of the business or work visa, who
                    wishes to apply for a study or work visa; or
       (b)   in respect of a holder of a medical treatment visa, be that the holder's continued stay in
             the Republic is required for any purpose related to a criminal trial in the Republic:
             Provided that such application shall be initiated by the relevant Deputy Director of
             Public Prosecutions and addressed to the Director-General.


   Port of entry visas and transit visas
   10.(1) An application for a port of entry visa or transit visa shall be made on Form 11 illustrated
   in Annexure A, together with supporting documents, and shall -
       (a)   include a statement or documentation confirming the purpose and duration of the visit;
       (b)   be accompanied by-
             (i)    a valid passport in respect of each applicant; and




402000—B
                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
18   No. 37679                          GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



               (ii)     the applicable fee;
               (iii)    proof of sufficient financial means; and
               (iv)     proof of a valid return or onward ticket or purchase thereof;
        (c)    in      respect of dependent children accompanying the applicant to or joining the
               applicant in the Republic, be accompanied by-
               (i)      proof of consent from one or both parents or legal guardian, as the case may be,
                        in the form of a letter or affidavit;
               (ii)     where applicable, a copy of a court order granting the applicant parental
                        responsibilities and rights in respect of the child;
               (iii)    a letter from the person who is to receive the child in the Republic, containing his
                        or her residential address in the Republic where the child will be residing;
               (iv)     a copy of the identity document or valid passport and visa or permanent
                        residence permit of the person who is to receive the child in the Republic; and
               (v)      the contact details of the parents or legal guardian;
         (d)   where the application is for the attendance of an activity or event, include a letter
               from the organisation under whose control the activity or event will take place,
               confirming such attendance and whether or not the foreigner will be remunerated, and
                if remunerated, the amount of the remuneration.
     (2) An application contemplated in subregulation (1) shall be made in person at-
         (a)    any mission of the Republic in the country of the applicant's normal residence, which
               includes permanent residence and long-term temporary residence; or
         (b) any mission of the Republic in the country of which the applicant holds a valid
               passport,
         Provided that when good cause exists, any mission other than a mission referred to in
         paragraph (a) or (b) may accept that application, in which case that mission may refer the
         application to the mission contemplated in subregulation (3)(a) or (b) for comment or
         processing.
     (3) A transit visa shall-
        (a)    in the case of air transit, be issued for a period not exceeding 24 hours; and
        (b)     in the case of land transit, be issued for a period not exceeding 48 hours.




                                This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                        STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   19



Visitor's visa
11.(1) An application for a visitor's visa not exceeding a period of three months shall be
accompanied by-
     (a)       a statement or documentation detailing the purpose and duration of the visit;
     (b)       a valid return air flight ticket or proof of reservation thereof; and
     (c)       proof of sufficient financial means contemplated in subregulation (3).
(2) An application for a visitor's visa exceeding a period of three months shall, in addition to
complying with the requirements of subregulation (1), be accompanied by a police clearance
certificate.
(3) The proof of sufficient available financial resources contemplated in section 11(1 )(b) of the
Act shall be in the form of a recently bank certified statement, for the last three months.
(4) An activity contemplated in section 11(1)(b)(iv) of the Act shall be work conducted for a
foreign employer pursuant to a contract which partially requires conducting of certain activities
in the Republic and relates to-
    (a)    the spouse or dependent child of the holder of a visa issued in terms of section 11,
           13, 14, 15, 17, 18, 19, 20 or 22;
    (b)    teaching at an international school;
    (c)    in respect of films and advertisements produced in South Africa, including, but not
           limited to, an actor, cameraman, hairstylist, make-up artist or lighting and sound
           engineer;
    (d)    a foreign journalist seconded to the Republic by a foreign news agency;
    (e)    a visiting professor or lecturer or an academic researcher;
    (f)    an artist who wishes to write, paint or sculpt: Provided that he or she submits a
           portfolio of his or her previous work;
    (g)    a person involved in the entertainment industry, travelling through the Republic to
           perform;
    (h)    a tour leader or host of such a tour; or
    (0     a foreigner who is required to stay in the Republic in order to testify as a state witness
           in a criminal court case: Provided that in such a matter, the application shall be
           initiated by the relevant Deputy Director of Public Prosecutions.
(5) A person, other than a resident from a country with which the Republic shares a border,
who is in possession of a visa issued on the basis of an exemption contemplated in section
10A(4) of the Act, shall upon his or her readmission to the Republic be admitted on the same
visa, and where such a visa has expired, may be admitted on a new visa valid for a period not
exceeding seven days: Provided that where that foreigner arrives at a port of entry from his or




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
20   No. 37679                         GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



     her country of residence, the new visa may be issued for a period not exceeding the period
     attached to the visa exemption.
     (6) Where a-
        (a)    port of entry visa is issued at a mission of the Republic, that port of entry visa shall
               only upon admission of the holder by an immigration officer be considered to be a
               visa for the purposes of section 11 of the Act and the period of validity of that visa
               shall not exceed three months; or
        (b)    visa, other than a port of entry visa, is issued at a mission of the Republic, that visa
               shall only upon admission of the holder by an immigration officer be considered to be
               valid and allow the holder thereof to temporarily sojourn in the Republic for the
               purposes specified and the period of validity of that visa shall be calculated from the
               date of admission of the holder into the Republic.
     (7) The authorisation contemplated in section 11(2) of the Act-
         (a)   shall be applied for by submitting a statement or documentation confirming the-
               (i)     purpose or necessity of the work;
               (ii)    nature of the work;
               (iii)   qualification and skills required for the work;
               (iv)    duration of the work;
               (v)     place of work;
               (vi)    duration of the visit;
               (vii)   proof of remuneration or stipend that the foreigner will receive from the
                       employer; and
               (viii) identity and contact details of the prospective employer or relevant contact
                       person from the host institution;
         (b)   may be subjected to the relevant individual terms and conditions contemplated in
               regulation 9(7);
         (c)   may, where applicable, be granted subject to a recommendation from any relevant
               organ of state;
         (d)   if approved, be endorsed on the visitor's visa; and
         (e)   shall not be extended beyond the validity period of the visa issued in terms of section
               11 (1)(a) of the Act.




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                         STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   21



Study visa
12.(1) An applicant for a study visa to study at a learning institution shall, in addition to
submission of Form 8 illustrated in Annexure A, submit-
   (a)     an official letter confirming provisional acceptance or acceptance at that learning
           institution and the duration of the course;
   (b)     an undertaking by the Registrar or Principal of the learning institution to-
           (i)     provide proof of registration as contemplated in the relevant legislation within 60
                   days of registration; or
           (ii)    in the event of failure to register by the closing date, provide the Director-
                   General with a notification of failure to register within 7 days of the closing date
                   of registration;
           (iii)   within 30 days of de-registration, notify the Director-General that the applicant is
                   no longer registered with such institution; and
           (iv)    within 30 days of completion of studies, notify the Director-General when the
                   applicant has completed his or her studies or requires to extend such period of
                   study;
     (c)   in the case of a learner under the age of 18 years-
           (i)     an unabridged birth certificate;
           (ii)    a copy of his or her identity document, if applicable;
           (iii)   proof of physical address and contact number of the adult person residing in the
                   Republic, who is acting or has accepted to act as such learner's guardian,
                   including a confirmatory letter from that guardian; and
           (iv)    proof of consent for the intended stay from both parents or, where applicable,
                   from the parent or legal guardian who has been issued with a court order
                   granting full or specific parental responsibilities and rights or legal guardianship
                   of the learner;
    (d)    a police clearance certificate;
   (e)     in the case of a foreign state accepting responsibility for the applicant in terms of a
           bilateral agreement, a written undertaking from such foreign state to pay for the
           departure of the applicant;
    (f)    proof of medical cover renewed annually for the period of study with a medical
           scheme registered in terms of the Medical Schemes Act;
   (g)     an undertaking by the parents or legal guardian that the learner will have medical
           cover for the full duration of the period of study; and




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
22   No. 37679                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



        (h)    proof of sufficient financial means available to the learner whilst resident in the
               Republic.
     (2) Subject to section 13(1) of the Act-
         (a)   visas issued for studies at a learning institution, other than a school contemplated in
               section 1 of the South African Schools Act, 1996 (Act No. 84 of 1996), shall be issued
               for the duration of the course for which the applicant has registered;
         (b)   visas issued for studies at a learning institution, which is a school contemplated in
               section 1 of the South African Schools Act, 1996 (Act No. 84 of 1996), shall be valid
               for the duration of the period of study: Provided that the study visa issued for studies
               at a primary school shall not exceed eight years and for a secondary school shall not
               exceed six years.
     (3) The holder of a study visa at a learning institution as defined in section 1 of the Higher
     Education Act, 1997 (Act No. 101 of 1997) and section 1 of the Further Education and Training
     Colleges Act, 2006 (Act No. 16 of 2006), may conduct part-time work for a period not
     exceeding 20 hours per week.
     (4) A study visa issued in terms of the Act shall automatically lapse if the holder thereof fails to
     register with or is de-registered from the learning institution at any time during the period for
     which his or her visa has been issued or if any of the undertakings referred to in subregulation
     (1)(b) are not met.


     Treaty visa
     13. An applicant for a treaty visa shall submit-
         (a)   a letter from the relevant organ of state which is party to the treaty attesting to the-
               (i)     nature and duration of the programme;
               (ii)    participation of the foreigner in the specified programme;
               (iii)   type of activities the foreigner is expected to perform and the duration thereof;
               (iv)    accommodation of the foreigner; and
               (v)     any other relevant details pertaining to the foreigner's stay in the Republic;
         (b)     a police clearance certificate; and
         (c)     a written undertaking by the sending or receiving organ of state accepting
               responsibility for the costs related to the deportation of the applicant and his or her
               accompanying dependent family members, should it become necessary.




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   23



Business visa
14.(1) An application for a business visa by a foreigner who intends to establish a business or
invest in a business that is not yet established in the Republic, shall be accompanied by-
   (a)   a certificate issued by a chartered accountant registered with the South African
         Institute of Chartered Accountants or a professional accountant registered with the
         South African Institute of Professional Accountants to the effect that-
         (i)      at least an amount in cash to be invested in the Republic as determined from
                  time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the Minister of Trade and
                  Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is available; or
         (ii)     at least an amount in cash and a capital contribution as determined from time
                  to time by the Minister, after consultation with the Minister of Trade and
                  Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is available;
   (b)   an undertaking by the applicant that at least 60% of the total staff complement to be
         employed in the operations of the business shall be South African citizens or
         permanent residents employed permanently in various positions: Provided that proof
         of compliance with this undertaking shall be submitted within 12 months of issuance
         of the visa;
   (c)   an undertaking to register with the-
          (i)    South African Revenue Service;
         (ii)    Unemployment Insurance Fund;
         (iii)   Compensation Fund for Occupational Injuries and Diseases;
         (iv)    Companies and Intellectual Properties Commission (CIPC), where legally
                 required; and
         (v)     relevant professional body, board or council recognised by SAQA in terms of
                 section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework Act, where applicable,
         Provided that upon registration, all certificates shall be submitted to the Director-
         General;
   (d)   a police clearance certificate; and
   (e)   a letter of recommendation from the Department of Trade and Industry regarding-
         (i)     the feasibility of the business; and
         (ii)    the contribution to the national interest of the Republic.
(2) An application for a business visa by a foreigner who has established a business or
invested in an existing business in the Republic, shall be accompanied by-




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
24   No. 37679                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



        (a)    a certificate issued by a chartered accountant registered with the South African
               Institute of Chartered Accountants or a professional accountant registered with the
               South African Institute of Professional Accountants to the effect that-
               (i)      at least an amount in cash to be invested or to be invested in the Republic as
                        determined from time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the Minister
                        of Trade and Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is available or already invested;
                        or
               (ii)     at least an amount in cash and a capital contribution as determined from time
                        to time by the Minister, after consultation with the Minister of Trade and
                        Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is available or already invested;
         (b)   proof that at least 60% of the total staff complement employed in the operations of the
               business are South African citizens or permanent residents employed permanently in
               various positions;
         (c)   proof of registration with the-
               (i)      South African Revenue Service;
               (ii)     Unemployment Insurance Fund;
               (iii)    Compensation Fund for Occupational Injuries and Diseases;
               (iv)     Companies and Intellectual Properties Commission (CIPC), where legally
                        required; and
               (v)      relevant professional body, board or council recognised by SAQA in terms of
                        section 13(1)(0 of the National Qualifications Framework Act, where applicable;
         (d)   a police clearance certificate; and
         (e)   a letter of recommendation from the Department of Trade and Industry regarding-
               (i)     the feasibility of the business; and
               (ii)    the contribution to the national interest of the Republic.
     (3) A foreigner who invests or has invested in an existing business shall,                   in addition to
     complying with subregulation (2), submit-
        (a)    financial statements in respect of the preceding financial year; and
        (b)    proof of investment.
     (4) The applicant must, within 12 months of the visa being issued, submit to the Director-
     General a letter of confirmation from the Department of Labour that 60% of the staff
     complement employed in the operations of the business are South African citizens or
     permanent residents who are employed permanently in various positions.
     (5) A business visa may be issued for a period not exceeding three years at a time.




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   25



Crew visa
15.(1) An applicant for a crew visa for officers or members of the crew of a public conveyance
in transit in the Republic en route to or from that conveyance, shall submit-
   (a)    a valid passport;
   (b)    a letter of request from the owner of the conveyance, which shall include an
          undertaking of responsibility for such person's compliance with the Act and all laws of
          the Republic; and
   (c)    proof of settlement of any outstanding fine incurred by the conveyor under the Act.
(2) An applicant for a crew visa for the crew of a foreign private conveyance or chartered
conveyance while such conveyance is at a port of entry, shall submit-
   (a)     a valid passport;
   (b)     proof of sufficient financial means of the owner of that conveyance to cover day-to-
           day needs and medical expenses of the crew while sojourning in the Republic; and
    (c)    proof of settlement of any outstanding fine incurred by the conveyor under the Act.
(3) A crew visa may be issued for a maximum period of three months at a time: Provided the
crew member's stay does not exceed the departure date of the conveyance.


Medical treatment visa
16.(1) An applicant for a medical treatment visa shall submit-
    (a)   a letter from his or her registered medical practitioner or medical institution within the
          Republic confirming-
          (i)     that space is available at the medical institution;
          (ii)    the estimated costs of the treatment;
          (iii)   whether or not the disease or ailment is treatable or curable;
          (iv)    the treatment schedule; and
          (v)     the period of intended treatment in the Republic;
    (b)   the details of, and confirmation by, the person or institution responsible for the
          medical expenses and hospital fees: Provided that in a case where the applicant's
          medical scheme or employer is not liable for expenses incurred, proof of financial
          means to cover the medical costs shall be submitted;
    (c)    the particulars of persons accompanying the applicant;
    (d)    valid return air flight tickets, where applicable; and
    (e)    proof of sufficient financial means or provision for the costs indirectly related to the
          treatment.




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
26   No. 37679                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



     (2) A medical treatment visa may be issued for a maximum period of six months at a time.


     Relative's visa
     17.(1) An applicant for a relative's visa shall submit-
        (a)    a police clearance certificate; and
        (b)    proof of kinship, within the second step, between the applicant and the citizen or
               permanent resident as contemplated in section 18(1) of the Act in the form of-
               (i)    an unabridged birth certificate; and
               (ii)   where necessary, paternity test results.
     (2) The financial assurance contemplated in section 18(1) of the Act shall be an amount, per
     person and per month, as determined from time to time by the Minister by notice in the
     Gazette, to be proven by means of a current salary advice or a certified bank statement not
     older than three months at the time of application: Provided that the financial assurance shall
     not be required where the South African citizen or permanent resident is a dependent child.
     (3) A relative's visa may be issued for a maximum period of two years at a time.


     Work visa
     18.(1) An applicant for a general work visa, critical skills work visa or intra-company transfer
     work visa shall submit-
         (a)   a written undertaking by the employer accepting responsibility for the costs related to
               the deportation of the applicant and his or her dependent family members, should it
               become necessary; and
         (b)   a police clearance certificate.
     (2) The employer shall ensure that the passport of his or her employee is valid at all times for
     the duration of his or her employment.
     (3) An application for a general work visa shall be accompanied by-
         (a)   a certificate from the Department of Labour confirming that-
               (i)     despite a diligent search, the prospective employer has been unable to find a
                       suitable citizen or permanent resident with qualifications or skills and experience
                       equivalent to those of the applicant;
               (ii)   the applicant has qualifications or proven skills and experience in line with the
                      job offer;




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                         STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   27



           (iii)     the salary and benefits of the applicant are not inferior to the average salary and
                     benefits of citizens or permanent residents occupying similar positions in the
                     Republic; and
           (iv)      the contract of employment stipulating the conditions of employment and signed
                     by both the employer and the applicant is in line with the labour standards in the
                     Republic and is made conditional upon the general work visa being approved;
    (b)    proof of qualifications evaluated by SAQA and translated by a sworn translator into
           one of the official languages of the Republic;
    (c)    full particulars of the employer, including, where applicable, proof of registration of the
           business with the Commission on Intellectual Property and Companies (CIPC);
    (d)    an undertaking by the employer to inform the Director-General should the applicant
           not comply with the provisions of the Act or conditions of the visa; and
    (e)    an undertaking by the employer to inform the Director-General upon the employee no
           longer being in the employ of such employer or when he or she is employed in a
           different capacity or role.
(4) A general work visa shall be issued for a period not exceeding five years.
(5) An application for a critical skills work visa shall be accompanied by proof that the applicant
falls within the critical skills category in the form of -
    (a)    a confirmation, in writing, from the professional body, council or board recognised by
           SAQA in terms of section 13(1)(0 of the National Qualifications Framework Act, or any
           relevant government Department confirming the skills or qualifications of the applicant
           and appropriate post qualification experience;
    (b)    if      required by law, proof of application for a certificate of registration with the
           professional body, council or board recognised by SAQA in terms of section 13(1)(i)
           of the National Qualifications Framework Act; and
     (c)   proof of evaluation of the foreign qualification by SAQA and translated by a sworn
           translator into one of the official languages of the Republic.
(6) A critical skills work visa shall be issued for a period not exceeding five years.
(7) A spouse and dependent children of a holder of a critical skills work visa shall be issued
with an appropriate visa valid for a period not exceeding the period of validity of the applicant's
critical skills work visa.
(8) An application for an intra-company transfer work visa shall be accompanied by-
    (a)    the foreigner's contract of employment with the company abroad valid for a period of
           not less than six months; and




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
28   No. 37679                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



         (b)    a letter from-
                (i)    the company abroad confirming that the foreigner shall be transferred to a
                       branch, subsidiary or an affiliate of that company in the Republic; and
                (ii)   the branch, subsidiary or an affiliate in the Republic confirming the transfer of
                       the foreigner and specifying the occupation and capacity in which that foreigner
                       shall be employed.
     (9) In terms of section 19(5) of the Act, the relevant employer shall ensure that-
         (a)    a foreigner is only employed in the specific position for which the visa has been
                issued;
         (b)    the foreign employee will at all times comply with the provisions of the Act and
                conditions of his or her visa and undertakes to immediately notify the Director-General
                if the employee refuses to comply with the provisions of the Act or conditions of the
                visa; and
         (c)    a plan is developed for the transfer of skills to a South African citizen or permanent
                resident.
     (10) An intra-company transfer work visa shall be issued for a period not exceeding four years
     and is not renewable.
     (11) The company referred to in subregulation (8)(b)(ii) shall undertake to reimburse the
     Department any costs incurred in relation to the deportation of the holder of an intra-company
     transfer work visa and any of his or her dependent family members.


     Retired person visa
     19.(1) An application for a retired person visa shall be accompanied by a police clearance
     certificate.
     (2) The minimum payment to a foreigner contemplated in section 20(1)(a) of the Act shall be,
     per month, the amount determined from time to time by the Minister by notice in the Gazette.
     (3) The net worth contemplated in section 20(1)(b) of the Act shall be a combination of assets
     realising, per month, the amount determined from time to time by the Minister by notice in the
     Gazette.


     Corporate visa
     20.(1) An application for a corporate visa shall be made on Form 13 illustrated in Annexure A
     and accompanied by-
         (a)    proof of the need to employ the requested number of foreigners;
         (b)    a certificate by the Department of Labour confirming-




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                        STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   29



         (i)     that despite diligent search, the corporate applicant was unable to find suitable
                 citizens or permanent residents to occupy the position available in the corporate
                 entity;
         (ii)    the job description and proposed remuneration in respect of each foreigner;
         (iii)   that the salary and benefits of any foreigner employed by the corporate
                 applicant shall not be inferior to the average salary and benefits of citizens or
                 permanent residents occupying similar positions in the Republic;
   (c)   proof of registration of the corporation with the-
         (i)     South African Revenue Service;
         (ii)    Unemployment Insurance Fund;
         (iii)   Compensation Fund for Occupational Injuries and Diseases; and
         (iv)    Companies and Intellectual Properties Commission (CIPC), where legally
                 required;
   (d)   an undertaking by the employer to inform the Director-General should any foreign
         employee not comply with the provisions of the Act or visa conditions or is no longer
         in the employ of such employer or is employed in a different capacity or role; and
   (e)   a written undertaking by the corporate applicant to pay the deportation costs of any
         foreign employee accepting responsibility for the return costs related to the
         deportation of the foreign employee, should it be necessary.
(2) The applicant for a corporate visa must provide proof that at least 60% of the total staff
complement that are employed in the operations of the business are citizens or permanent
residents employed permanently in various positions.
(3) At any time during the duration of the visa, the holder of a corporate visa must provide
proof that at least 60% of the total staff complement that are employed in the operations of the
business are citizens or permanent residents employed permanently in various positions.
(4) The departments contemplated in section 21(2) of the Act are-
   (a)   the Department of Trade and Industry; and
   (b)   the Department of Labour.
(5) The relevant corporate applicant shall, as contemplated in section 21(2)(a)(i) of the Act,
ensure that-
   (a)   the passport of the foreigner is valid at all times;
   (b)   the foreigner is employed by the corporate applicant to conduct work for the corporate
         applicant only in the specific position for which the visa has been issued;




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
30   No. 37679                         GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



           (c)   such foreigner departs from the Republic upon completion of his or her contract of
                 employment;
           (d)   any foreigner employed in terms of the corporate visa at all times complies with the-
                 (i)    provisions of the Act; and
                 (ii)   terms and conditions of the corporate visa and of the corporate work certificate;
           (e)   the Director-General is immediately notified if there is reason to believe that the
                 foreigner is no longer in compliance with the provisions of the Act; and
           (f)   the financial guarantees by the corporate applicant to defray deportation and other
                 costs should the corporate visa be withdrawn, or certain foreigners fail to leave the
                 Republic when no longer subject to the corporate visa, are complied with.
     (6)   In order to comply with subregulation (5)(c), the corporate applicant shall return the
     completed certificate contemplated in subregulation (5)(d) to the Director-General, within a
     period of 30 days after the termination date of the corporate worker's employment contract.
     (7) The financial guarantees contemplated in section 21(2)(b) of the Act shall be as determined
     from time to time by the Minister by notice in the Gazette.
     (8) The Director-General may issue to the corporate applicant-
           (a)   a corporate visa for a period not exceeding three years on Form 14 illustrated in
                 Annexure A; and
           (b)   authorisation certificates to employ corporate workers, in terms of the corporate visa
                 contemplated in paragraph (a), for a period not exceeding the validity period of the
                 corporate visa.
     (9) An application for a corporate worker certificate shall be accompanied by-
           (a)   a valid passport of the applicant;
           (b)   biometrics of the applicant;
           (c)   the certificate contemplated in subregulation (8)(b);
           (d)   a valid employment contract;
           (e)   a written undertaking by the corporate applicant to ensure that the foreigner departs
                 from the Republic upon termination of his or her contract of employment or accepting
                 responsibility for the return or costs related to the deportation of the foreigner should it
                 become necessary;
           (f)   the documentation contemplated in regulation 9(1)(b), (c) and (f);
           (g)   proof of qualifications evaluated by SAQA, and translated by a sworn translator into
                 one of the official languages of the Republic, or skills and experience in line with the
                 job offer; and




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679     31



   (h)   a certificate of registration with the professional body, council or board recognised by
         SAQA in terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework Act.
(10) The Director-General may issue to the corporate worker employed by the holder of a
corporate visa contemplated in subregulation (8) a corporate worker certificate for a period not
exceeding the validity period of the corporate visa.
(11) A corporate worker may not renew his or her corporate worker certificate or apply for a
change of status in the Republic.


Exchange visa
21.(1) An applicant for an exchange visa in terms of section 22(a) of the Act shall-
   (a)   in the case of a learning institution in the Republic, in conjunction with a foreign
         education and training institution or a foreign state institution organising or
         administering the programme, submit a letter from-
         (i)    the Department of Basic Education or Higher Education and Training or a
                learning institution in the Republic confirming that it is responsible for organising
                or administering the existence of the programme, outlining the activities, terms
                and conditions and duration thereof and accepting full responsibility for the
                student while he or she is in the Republic; and
         (ii)   the foreign state institution or education and training institution confirming the
                particulars of the applicant, the applicant's enrolment with the foreign education
                and training institution, and the date on which the programme shall commence.
   (b)   in the case of a programme of cultural, economic or social exchange, organised or
         administered by an organ of state or a learning institution, in conjunction with a
         foreign education and training institution or a foreign state institution, submit a letter
         from-
         (i)    the organ of state or foreign education and training institution confirming the
                existence of the exchange programme; or
         (ii)   the foreign education and training institution confirming the enrolment of the
                applicant or the foreign state institution conducting the programme, as the case
                may be.
(2) An applicant for an exchange visa in terms of section 22(a) or (b) of the Act, shall submit-
   (a)   proof of a valid return air flight ticket or written undertaking by the organ of state,
         learning institution or employer accepting responsibility for the return or deportation
         costs of the applicant, as the case may be;
   (b)   a police clearance certificate from country of ordinary residence; and




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
32   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



        (c)    proof of medical cover for the duration of the exchange period with a medical scheme
               registered in terms of the Medical Schemes Act.
     (3) An organ of state or a learning institution shall report to the Director-General as
     contemplated in section 22(a) of the Act and provide information on Form 16 illustrated in
     Annexure A.
     (4) The period contemplated in section 22(a)(ii) of the Act that a person should stay out of the
     Republic before making an application for a different type of visa to return to the Republic shall
     be one year.
     (5) An exchange visa may be issued for a period not exceeding the period of the exchange
     programme.


     Asylum transit visa
     22. (1)   A person claiming to be an asylum seeker contemplated in section 23(1) of the Act
     shall apply, in person at a port of entry, for an asylum transit visa on Form 17 illustrated in
     Annexure A and have his or her biometrics taken.
     (2) An asylum transit visa may not be issued to a person who-
         (a)   has not completed Form 17 as contemplated in subregulation (1);
         (b)   already has refugee status in another country; or
         (c)   is a fugitive from justice.



     Permanent residence

     23. (1) An application for a permanent residence permit contemplated in section 25(2) of the
     Act shall be made on Form 18 illustrated in Annexure A and shall be submitted by the applicant
     in person.
     (2) The application contemplated in subregulation (1) shall be accompanied by-
         (a)   the applicable application fee;
         (b)   a copy of a birth certificate in respect of the applicant;
         (c)   biometrics in respect of any applicant over the age of 16 years;
         (d)   a yellow fever vaccination certificate if that person travelled or intends travelling from
               or transits through a yellow fever endemic area: Provided that the certificate shall not
               be required where that person travelled or intends travelling in direct transit through
               such area or where an application is made in the Republic;
         (e)   a police clearance certificate;




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                         STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   33



       (f)   medical and radiological reports: Provided that a radiological report shall not be
             required in respect of children under the age of 12 years or pregnant women;
       (9)   the documentation contemplated in regulation 9(1)(d) relating to dependent children
             accompanying the applicant to or joining the applicant in the Republic;
       (h)   the documents relating to the applicant's marital status or spousal relationship
             contemplated in regulation 3(2);
       (i)   an unabridged birth certificate in respect of each dependent child;
             a deed poll in the case of an applicant who has changed his or her name, surname or
             sex; and
       (k)   where the application is made in the Republic, a valid visa for temporary sojourn at
             the time of application, in respect of each applicant.
   (3) The documents contemplated in subregulation (2)(b), (e), (g), (h), (0 and (/) shall be original
   or copies apostled by the issuing authority of the country of origin and, where applicable,
   translated into one of the official languages of the Republic, which translation shall be certified
   as a correct translation by a sworn translator.
   (4) An application made in a foreign country shall be submitted to-
       (a)   the mission of the Republic in the foreign country of the applicant's usual residence,
             which includes country of origin, permanent residence and long term temporary
             residence;
       (b)   the mission of the Republic in a foreign country of which the applicant holds a valid
             passport; or
       (c)   any mission of the Republic that may from time to time be designated by the Director-
             General to receive applications in respect of an adjoining or nearby foreign country in
             which a mission of the Republic is not present.
   (5) An applicant who applies for a permanent residence permit in terms of section 26(a) of the
   Act shall submit proof of a work visa contemplated in section 19 of the Act, for a continuous
   period of five years.
   (6) A foreigner contemplated in section 26(b) of the Act who has been issued with a permanent
   residence permit shall, within the last six months of the second year following the issuing of
   that permit, avail himself or herself for an interview at any office of the Department.
   (7) In the case of an application contemplated in section 25(2) of the Act in respect of a
   permanent residence permit contemplated in sections 26(c) and (d) and 27(g) of the Act, the
   citizen or permanent resident shall satisfy the Director-General that he or she is able and
   willing to support and maintain the foreign relative making the application.




402000—C
                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
34   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



     Residence on other grounds

     24.(1) The advertisement contemplated in section 27(a)(i) of the Act shall be an original
     clipping from the national printed media and shall-
        (a)   reflect the full particulars of the relevant newspaper or magazine, as well as the dates
              on which the advertisement was published;
        (b)   stipulate the minimum qualifications and experience required to fill the position;
        (c)   clearly define the position offered and the responsibilities to be performed;
        (d)   measure at least 60 millimetres by 60 millimetres;
        (e)   state the closing date for the application in the advertisement; and
        (f)   not be older than four months at the time of application, which period shall be
              calculated from the closing date for applications.
     (2) The yearly limit of available permanent residence permits contemplated in section 27(a)(ii)
     of the Act shall be as determined from time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the
     Ministers of Trade and Industry, Labour, Basic Education and Higher Education and Training,
     by notice in the Gazette.
     (3) The permanent residence permit contemplated in section 27(a) of the Act shall be issued on
     condition that the holder of that permit shall remain employed for a period of five years in the
     field in respect of which the original offer of employment was made.
     (4) The requirement contemplated in section 27(b) of the Act shall be the submission of-
        (a)   proof that the applicant falls within the critical skills category in the form of-
              (i)    a certificate from the professional body, council or board recognised by SAQA in
                     terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework Act or the
                     relevant Department confirming the skills or qualifications of the applicant; and
              (ii)   if required by law, a certificate of registration with the professional body, council
                     or board recognised by SAQA in terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National
                     Qualifications Framework Act;
        (b)   proof of post-qualification experience of at least five years;
        (c)   testimonials from previous employers and a comprehensive curriculum vitae; and
        (d)   a letter of motivation indicating that the critical skills possessed by the applicant will
              be to the benefit of the South African environment in which the person intends to
              operate and which relates to the critical skill in question.
     (5) An application for a permanent residence permit contemplated in section 27(c) of the Act
     shall be accompanied by a certificate issued by a chartered accountant registered with the




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                       No. 37679    35



South African Institute of Chartered Accountants or a professional accountant registered with
the South African Institute of Professional Accountants to the effect that-
   (a)    at least an amount in cash as determined from time to time by the Minister, after
          consultation with the Minister of Trade and Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is
          available; or
   (b)    at least an amount in cash and capital contribution as determined by the Minister,
          after consultation with the Minister of Trade and Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is
          available.
(6) An application for a permanent residence permit contemplated in section 27(c) of the Act by
an applicant who intends to establish a business in the Republic shall, in addition to the
requirements in subregulation (4), be accompanied by-
   (a)    a business plan outlining the feasibility of the business, both in the short and long
          term;
   (b)    an undertaking by the applicant that at least 60% of the total staff complement to be
          employed in the operations of the business shall be citizens or permanent residents
          employed permanently in various positions: Provided that proof of compliance with
          this undertaking shall be submitted within 12 months of issuance of the permanent
          residence permit;
   (c)    an undertaking to register with the South African Revenue Service; and
   (d)    proof of registration with the relevant professional body, council or board recognised
          by SAQA in terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework Act,
          where applicable.
(7) An application for a permanent residence permit contemplated in section 27(c) of the Act by
an applicant who has established a business in the Republic shall,                         in   addition to the
requirements in subregulation (4), be accompanied by-
    (a)   proof that at least 60% citizens or permanent residents are permanently employed in
          various positions directly in the operations of the business;
   (b)    proof of registration with the South African Revenue Service; and
   (c)    proof of registration with the relevant professional body, council or board recognised
          by SAQA in terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework Act,
          where applicable.
(8) For the purposes of section 27(c)(i) of the Act, a business in one of the sectors determined
from time to time by the Minister by notice in the Gazette is a business in the national interest.




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
36   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



     (9) A foreigner who invests or has invested in an existing business shall, subject to this
     regulation, submit certified proof of investment in the business in respect of the preceding
     financial year.
     (10) A foreigner who invests or has invested in an existing business as a partner shall submit-
         (a)   certified proof of investment in the business; and
         (b)   the partnership agreement.
     (11) The requirements contemplated in section 27(d) of the Act shall be-
         (a)   the submission of the certification contemplated in section 27(c) of the Refugees Act,
               1998 (Act No. 130 of 1998);
         (b)   where applicable, the submission of affidavits with regard to aliases used by the
               applicant and family members; and
         (c)   the submission of the information and documentation contemplated in regulation
               23(2)(b), (f), (g), (h) and (0: Provided that in the case of documents issued by the
               country from which he or she fled not being available, a sworn affidavit.
     (12) The payment contemplated in section 27(e)(i) of the Act shall be, per month, the amount
     determined from time to time by the Minister by notice in the Gazette and the net worth
     contemplated in section 27(e)(ii) of the Act shall be a combination of assets realising, per
     month, the amount determined by the Minister by notice in the Gazette.
     (13) The net worth contemplated in section 27(f) of the Act shall be an amount determined from
     time to time by the Minister by notice in the Gazette and the amount to be paid to the Director-
     General shall be an amount determined by the Minister by notice in the Gazette, which amount
     has to be paid upon approval of the application.


     Application for proof of permanent residence status or exemption status
     25. An application for proof of permanent residence status or exemption status shall be made
     on Form 46 illustrated in Annexure A.


     Prohibited persons
     26. (1) The diseases or viruses contemplated in section 29(1)(a) of the Act are those referred
     to in the regulations promulgated under the International Health Regulations Act, 1974 (Act No.
     28 of 1974), and any other disease or virus rendering a person inadmissible as may be
     determined by the Department of Health from time to time in terms of the applicable legislation.
     (2) An immigration officer who has reasonable suspicion that a person reporting to him or her
     at a port of entry is infected with a disease or virus contemplated in subregulation (1), shall




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   37



refer that person to the port health officer and after consultation with that officer determine his
or her admissibility.
(3) Where a port health officer is not present at a port of entry, a person contemplated in
subregulation (2) shall be refused admission, unless a registered medical practitioner certifies
that such person is not infected with a disease contemplated in subregulation (1).
(4) If a prohibited person contemplated in section 29(1)(c) of the Act-
    (a)   has deposed to an affidavit illustrating to the satisfaction of the Director-General that
          he or she shall comply with the provisions of the Act;
    (b)   has been absent from the Republic for a minimum period of four years; and
    (c)   has provided a police clearance certificate,
   the Director-General may rehabilitate that person by granting him or her a status after
    having considered his or her application for a status.
(5) A person rehabilitated as contemplated in subregulation (4) shall not be exempt from the
requirements of a port of entry visa.
(6) The Director-General shall, in declaring a person not to be a prohibited person, consider
the following factors:
    (a)   the reasons for the prohibition;
    (b)   the seriousness of the offence committed; and
    (c)   representations made by the prohibited person, which should include a police
          clearance certificate.
(7) The Director-General shall, upon making a decision as contemplated in section 29(2) of the
Act, provide written reasons for such decision.


Undesirable persons
27.(1) For the purposes of subregulation (3), a time is calculated as days during a year for
which the period of overstay is calculated from the date of expiry of the last valid visa.
(2) The Director-General may declare a foreigner who falls within a category listed in section
30(1) of the Act as undesirable on Part A of Form 19 illustrated in Annexure A.
(3) A person who overstays after the expiry of his or her visa, as contemplated in section
30(1)(h) of the Act, may-
    (a)   in the case of a person who overstays for a period not exceeding 30 days, be
          declared undesirable for a period of 12 months;
    (b)   in the case of a person who overstays for the second time within a period of 24
          months, be declared undesirable for a period of two years; and




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
38   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



        (c)   in the case of a person who overstays for more than 30 days, be declared undesirable
              for a period of five years.


     Exemption
     28. An application contemplated in section 31(2)(b) of the Act shall be made to the Minister on
     Form 47 illustrated in Annexure A, supported by reasons for the application.


     Waiver of prescribed requirements
     29. An application contemplated in section 31(2)(c) of the Act shall be made to the Minister on
     Form 48 illustrated in Annexure A, supported by reasons for the application.


     Illegal foreigners
     30.(1) Upon requesting authorisation as contemplated in section 32(1) of the Act, an illegal
     foreigner who has neither been arrested for the purpose of deportation nor been ordered to
     depart and who wishes to apply for status after the date of expiry of his or her visa, shall-
        (a)   demonstrate, in writing, to the satisfaction of the Director-General that he or she was
              unable to apply for such status for reasons beyond his or her control; and
        (b)   submit proof to the Director-General that he or she is in a position to immediately
              submit his or her application for status.
     (2) Authorisation to remain in the Republic as contemplated in section 32(1) of the Act shall be
     granted on Form 20 illustrated in Annexure A.
     (3) As soon as the final decision in respect of the application for status has been made, the
     authorisation contemplated in subregulation (2) shall lapse.
     (4) An illegal foreigner who has satisfied an immigration officer that he or she will depart from
     the Republic as required by section 32(1) of the Act, shall be ordered by that immigration
     officer on Form 21 illustrated in Annexure A to depart from the Republic within a period of 14
     days of having so been ordered: Provided that such period may, for good cause, be extended.


     Immigration Officers
     31. (1) In appointing immigration officers, the Director-General may from time to time designate
     any immigration official as an official tasked with permitting, ports of entry or Inspectorate
     functions, as the case may be, and issue an appropriate appointment certificate.
     (2) The Director-General may, for good cause, withdraw an appointment contemplated in
     subregulation (1).




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   39



Inspectorate
32.(1) The requirements for the appointment of immigration officers as contemplated in section
33(2)(c)(ii) are that-
    (a)   the person has undergone the relevant training; and
    (b)   in the case of individual appointments, the person has successfully completed an
          examination following the training contemplated in paragraph (a).
(2) The notice contemplated in section 33(4)(b) of the Act shall be on Form 22 illustrated in
Annexure A.
(3) The notice contemplated in section 33(4)(c) of the Act shall be on Form 23 illustrated in
Annexure A.
(4) The warrants contemplated in section 33(5)(a), (b) and (c) of the Act, shall be on Forms 24,
25 and 27 illustrated in Annexure A, respectively.
(5) The receipt contemplated in section 33(5)(c) of the Act shall be on Form 26 illustrated in
Annexure A.


Arrest, detention and deportation of illegal foreigners
33.(1) If the arrest, detention and deportation of an illegal foreigner in terms of section 34(1) of
the Act is effected by means of a warrant, such warrant shall be issued by an immigration
officer to such illegal foreigner, which warrant shall be in the form of Form 28 illustrated in
Annexure A.
(2) The notification of the deportation of an illegal foreigner contemplated in section 34(1)(a) of
the Act shall be on Form 29 illustrated in Annexure A.
(3) The confirmation of detention for purposes of deportation contemplated in section 34(1)(b)
of the Act shall be on Form 30 illustrated in Annexure A.
(4) An immigration officer intending to apply for the extension of the detention period in terms of
section 34(1)(d) of the Act shall-
    (a)   within 20 days following the arrest of the detainee, serve on that detainee a
          notification of his or her aforesaid intention on Form 31 illustrated in Annexure A;
    (b)   afford the detainee the opportunity to make written representations in this regard
          within three days of the notification contemplated in paragraph (a) having been served
          on him or her; and
    (c)   within 25 days following the arrest of the detainee, submit with the clerk of the court
          an application for the extension of the period of detention on Form 32 illustrated in




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
40   No. 37679                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



                 Annexure A, together with any written representations that may have been submitted
                 by the detainee in terms of paragraph (b).
     (5) The minimum standards with regard to detention as contemplated in section 34(1)(e) of the
     Act are as set out in Annexure B.
     (6) A court may authorise the extension contemplated in subregulation (4) on Form 32
     illustrated in Annexure A.
     (7) The extension of the detention contemplated in section 34(2) of the Act shall be made on
     Form 33 illustrated in Annexure A.
     (8) An immigration officer, when enforcing payment of a deposit in terms of section 34(3) of the
     Act shall-
           (a)     serve an order in the form of Form 34 illustrated in Annexure A on the illegal
                  foreigner concerned to deposit the required amount; and
           (b)     if that deposit has not been paid, endorse the order contemplated in paragraph (a)
                   to the effect that the deposit has not been paid and file a copy of that order with the
                   clerk of the court of the district in which such illegal foreigner is detained pending his
                   or her removal from the Republic.
     (9) The warrants contemplated in section 34(7) of the Act shall be-
           (a)     in respect of the removal of a detained illegal foreigner, in the form of Form 35
                   illustrated in Annexure A; or
           (b)     in respect of the release of a detained illegal foreigner, in the form of Form 36
                   illustrated in Annexure A.
     (10) A person contemplated in section 34(8) of the Act shall be notified that he or she is an
     illegal foreigner on Form 37 illustrated in Annexure A, and the declaration to the master of the
     ship contemplated in that section shall be on Form 38 illustrated in Annexure A: Provided that
     in the case where the person conveyed himself or herself to the port of entry, he or she shall be
     handed over to the authority of the country where he or she commenced the journey to the
     Republic or the authorities of his or her country of nationality.
     (11) The amount which the owner of a ship shall forfeit in terms of section 34(9)(a) and (d) of
     the Act shall not exceed the amount as determined annually by the Minister by notice in the
     Gazette.




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                           STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679    41



Duties with regard to conveyances
34.(1)       The conveyances contemplated in section 35(2)(a) of the Act are-
    (a)      any aircraft;
    (b)      any maritime vessel; and
    (c)      any other conveyance determined by the Director-General from time to time by notice
             in the Gazette,
    carrying persons or goods for commercial purposes arriving from or departing to a foreign
    state.
(2) The information contemplated in section 35(2)(b) of the Act is required in respect of all
persons, including passengers, crew and any other person intending to enter into, depart from
or transit through the Republic, and shall include the following with regard to such persons:
    (a)      family and given names;
    (b)      date of birth;
    (c)      sex;
    (d)      travel document type;
    (e)      nationality;
    (f)      travel document number;
    (g)      issuing state;
    (h)      expiry date;
    (i)      passenger or crew indicator;
    (j)      flight/vessel identification;
    (k)      direction, whether inbound or outbound;
    (I)      port of departure or arrival port in the Republic;
    (m)      date of departure from or arrival in the Republic; and
    (n)      time of departure from or arrival in the Republic.
(3) The owner or person in charge of the conveyance contemplated in subregulation (1) is
required to have the means to electronically submit the information contemplated                          in

subregulation (2) to the Director-General through the communication channel provided by the
Director-General.
(4) The period contemplated in section 35(2)(b) of the Act shall be, in respect of -
    (a)      conveyances by air, immediately before departure;
    (b)      conveyances by sea, 72 hours to 30 days prior to boarding persons onto the
             conveyance or if the complete voyage is less than 72 hours, prior to departure from
             the last international port prior to arriving in the Republic; and




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
42   No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



        (c)      any other conveyance contemplated in subregulation 1 (c), before departure.
     (5) The owner or person in charge of the conveyance contemplated in section 35(3)(a) of the
     Act shall have the means to electronically transmit the passenger name record information
     from the passenger reservation and ticket, which shall include-
        (a)   the date of reservation;
        (b)   the dates of intended travel;
        (c)   the first name and surname;
        (d)   other names on the passenger name record;
        (e)   all forms of payment information;
        (f)   the billing address;
        (g)   the contact telephone numbers;
        (h)   all travel itinerary for that specific passenger name record;
        (i)   the frequent flyer information, limited to miles flown and addresses;
        (i)   the travel agency;
        (k)   the travel agent;
        (/)   the split or divided passenger name record information;
        (m)   the ticketing field information;
        (n)   the ticket number;
        (o)   the seat number;
        (p)   the date of ticket issuance;
        (q)   no show history;
        (r)   the bag tag numbers;
        (s)   the number of bags;
        (t)   the record locator;
        (u)   the weight of the bags;
        (v)   the go show information;
        (w)   the seat information;
        (x)   whether the tickets are one-way tickets;
        (y)   any information collected as contemplated in subregulation (2);
        (z)   standby; and
        (aa) names of passengers who have been taken off the flight.
     (6) The owner or person in charge of the conveyance is required to employ the means to
     electronically transmit the information contemplated in subregulation (5) to the passenger name
     record system.




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                       STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   43



(7) The period contemplated in section 35(3) (b) of the Act shall be at the close of the flight.
(8) In safeguarding the protection of the information as contemplated in section 35(3)(c) of the
Act, the Director-General shall -
    (a)    apply the necessary security measures to ensure the integrity of personal information
           and take appropriate, reasonable, technical and organisational measures to prevent
           the-
           (i)      loss of, damage to or unauthorised destruction of personal information; and
           (ii)     unlawful access to or processing of personal information;
    (b)    treat such personal information as confidential and not disclose it, unless required by
           law;
    (c)    ensure that any person who processes such personal information establishes and
           maintains the security measures referred to in paragraph (a); and
   (d)     where there are reasonable grounds to believe that the personal information of a data
           subject has been accessed or acquired by any unauthorised person, refer such
           matter to the relevant law enforcement agency to deal with such person.
(9) The list of passengers, crew or medical return contemplated in section 35(5)(a), (c) or (d) of
the Act shall be on Form 39 illustrated in Annexure A and not be required where subregulation
(2) has been complied with.
(10) The list of stowaways contemplated in section 35(5)(b) of the Act shall be on Form 40
illustrated in Annexure A.
(11) The limit contemplated in section 35(6) of the Act shall not exceed the total of the following
amounts:
    (a)    the cost of a single ticket for the deportation of the passenger to his or her country of
           origin;
    (b)    the cost of a return ticket to the country of origin, subsistence and travel costs and
           allowances for an escort in the event that such a service may be required upon
           deportation; and
   (c)     the detention and related costs pending the deportation of the passenger: Provided
           that if a passenger contemplated in that section is a stowaway and is not declared on
           the list contemplated in section 35(5)(b) of the Act, an additional amount as
           determined annually by the Minister by notice in the Gazette shall be forfeited to the
           State.
(12) The master or owner of a ship or an agent representing that master or owner shall, prior to
departure of that ship, complete and submit Form 41 illustrated in Annexure A.




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
44   No. 37679                           GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



     (13) The certificate contemplated in section 35(8) of the Act shall be on Form 42 illustrated in
     Annexure A.
     (14) A person conveyed as contemplated in section 35(10) of the Act shall be informed of his or
     her refusal of admission on Form 37 illustrated in Annexure A, and the person in charge of the
     conveyance shall be informed of his or her obligations in terms of that section on Form 38
     illustrated in Annexure A.
     (15) Any deportation order issued to an illegal foreigner shall also be provided to the owner or
     person in charge of a conveyance that transported such foreigner to the Republic and
     responsible for his or her removal from the Republic.
     (16) The person in charge of a conveyance responsible for the removal of a person
     contemplated in subregulation (15) shall provide to the immigration officer a receipt as proof of
     having conveyed the illegal foreigner back to his or her country of embarkation.


     Employment
     35. An employer contemplated in section 38(4)(a) of the Act shall keep on record-
         (a)     a certified copy of the passport of the foreigner reflecting his or her personal
                 particulars;
         (b) a copy of the relevant visa or permanent residence permit of that foreigner;
         (c)     proof of the capacity in which the foreigner is or was employed; and
         (d) a copy of the foreigner's IRP5 form or certificate of earnings and job description,
                 respectively.


     Keeping of registers of lodgers by certain persons
     36. (1) The classes of premises contemplated in section 40(1) of the Act are-
               (a)     hotels and motels;
               (b)     boarding houses and lodges;
               (c)     guest houses; and
               (d) apartment buildings.
     (2) The register contemplated in section 40(1) of the Act shall-
        (a)     be safeguarded by a duly authorised person for a period of two years; and
        (b)     in respect of a lodger, contain-
                (i)    his or her full names and surname;
                (ii)   a copy of his or her identification document or passport;
                (iii) his or her residence status in the Republic;




                                 This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                           STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   45



            (iv) his or her normal residential address; and
            (v)    his or her signature.


Identification
37. An immigration officer or police officer shall take the following steps in order to verify the
identity or status of the person contemplated in section 41(1) of the Act:
   (a)      access relevant documents that may be readily available in this regard;
   (b)      contact relatives or other persons who could prove such identity and status;
   (c)      access Departmental records in this regard; or
   (d)      provide the necessary means for the person to obtain the documents that may confirm
            his or her identity and status.


Other institutions
38. (1) The institutions or persons contemplated in section 45 of the Act are-
          (a)     banking and other financial institutions, including micro financiers;
          (b) estate agents and insurance companies and brokers;
          (c) private hospitals and clinics;
          (d) employment agencies;
          (e) institutions recognised through a process of the National Qualifications Framework
                  Act; and
          (f)     learning institutions.
(2) In ascertaining status or citizenship as contemplated in section 45 of the Act, the passport
or identity document of the person shall be scrutinised by the institution or person referred to in
subregulation (1) with a view to satisfying itself, himself or herself that, on the face of it, the
passport or identity document, as the case may be, belongs to the person presenting it and, in
the case of a foreigner, he or she is legally in the Republic.
(3) The commercial transactions contemplated in section 45 of the Act are-
    (a)         in respect of subregulation (1)(a), the securing of loans and bonds, whether a housing
                loan secured by a mortgage bond over property or a loan secured by a special
                notarial bond over movable property, money transfers and the opening of bank
                accounts, excluding investment accounts;
    (b)         in respect of subregulation (1)(b), facilitation of the purchase, sale or leasing of fixed
                property or the facilitation of the purchase of insurance policies of any nature;
    (c)         in respect of subregulation (1)(c), when admitting or registering a patient;




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
46   No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



         (d)    in respect of subregulation (1)(d), when assisting a foreign workseeker; and
         (e)    in respect of subregulation 1 (e) and (f), when admitting or registering a student.


     Administrative offences
     39. (1) A foreigner who overstays as contemplated in section 50(1) of the Act shall be informed
     of his or her undesirability on Form 19 illustrated in Annexure A.
     (2)(a) The administrative fine contemplated                   in   section     50(2)    of   the   Act shall   be
     an amount not exceeding R8000 determined by the Minister by notice in the Gazette from time
     to time.
     (b) The person contemplated in section 50(2) of the Act shall be informed of the fine incurred
     on Form 43 illustrated in Annexure A.
     (3) The administrative fine contemplated in section 50(3) of the Act shall be an amount, per
     person, determined by the Minister by notice in the Gazette from time to time.
     (4) The owner or person in charge of a conveyance contemplated in section 50(3) of the Act
     shall be informed of the fine contemplated in subregulation (3) on Form 44 illustrated in
     Annexure A.
     (5) The administrative fine contemplated in section 50(4) of the Act shall be an amount
     determined from time to time by the Minister by notice in the Gazette and be issued on Form
     45 illustrated in Annexure A.
     (6) The administrative fine contemplated in-
         (a)    section 50(4)(a) of the Act shall be an amount per person determined from time to
                time by the Minister by notice in the Gazette; and
         (b)    section 50(4)(b) of the Act shall be an amount per person determined from time to
                time by the Minister by notice in the Gazette.
     (7) A conveyor who does not adhere to the boarding directive issued based on submitted
     information, shall be liable to a fine per person as determined from time to time by the Minister
     by notice in the Gazette.
     (8) A conveyor who transmits inaccurate information contemplated in section 35(2)(b) or
     35(3)(b) of the Act shall be liable to a fine as determined by the Minister from time to time by
     notice in the Gazette, per each incorrect transmission.
     (9) The administrative fine for the owner or person in charge of a conveyance who fails to
     comply with the provisions of section 50(4)(a) or (b) of the Act shall be an amount per person
     determined from time to time by the Minister by notice in the Gazette.




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   47



Change of address
40. The holder of a visa or permanent residence permit who changes his or her address or
other contact details must inform the Director-General within 14 days of such changes and
provide the latest address or contact details on Form 50 illustrated in Annexure A.


Repeal
41. The Immigration Regulations published in Government Notice No. 616 of 27 June 2005 are
hereby repealed.


Short title and commencement
42. These Regulations shall be called the Immigration Regulations, 2014 and shall come into
operation on 26 May 2014.




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
48    No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



                                                  ANNEXURE A


                                                      FORMS


     NO.          DESCRIPTION
       1.         Form 1                 Notification regarding right to request review by Minister
                  (DHA-1756)
       2.         Form 2                 Notice of decision adversely affecting right of person
                  (DHA-1714A)
       3.         Form 3                 Application for exemption to enter or depart at place other
                  (DHA-26)               than port of entry
       4.         Form 4                 Traveller card
                  (DHA-TC 01)

       5.         Form 5                 Declaration by foreigner seeking admission
                  (DHA-1565)
       6.         Form 6                 Interview by immigration officer of person not having
                  (DHA-1746)             satisfied Immigration Officer that he or she is not illegal
                                         foreigner
       7.         Form 7A                Return of illegal foreigner
                  (DHA-)                 (Attestation relating to lost or destroyed travel documents)
       8.         Form 7B                Letter relating to fraudulent, falsified or counterfeit travel
                  (DHA-)                 documents or genuine documents presented by imposters


       9.         Form 7C                Referral letter relating to fraudulent, falsified or counterfeit
                  (DHA-)                 travel documents or genuine documents presented by
                                         imposters - Inspectorate
           10.    Form 8                 Application for temporary residence visa
                  (DHA-1738)
           11.    Form 9                 Application for change of conditions on existing visa or
                  (DHA-1740)             change of status
       12.        Form 10                Application for renewal of existing visa
                  (DHA-1739)
       13.        Form 11                Application for port of entry visa or transit visa    .



                  (DHA-84)
       14.        Form 12                Affidavit in respect of parties to permanent homosexual or
                  (DHA-1712A)            heterosexual relationship
       15.        Form 13                Application for corporate visa
                  (DHA-1743)
       16.        Form 14                Corporate visa
                  (DHA-1718)
       17.        Form 15                Corporate worker authorization certificate
                  (DHA-1733)
       18.        Form 16                Progress report by organ of state or learning institution
                  (DNA-1758)             regarding exchange programme
       19.        Form 17                Application for asylum transit visa
                  (DHA-1732)




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                             STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                  No. 37679   49



    20.    Form 18           Application for permanent residence permit
           (DHA-947)
     21.   Form 19           Declaration of foreigner as undesirable person
           (DHA-46)
     22.   Form 20           Authorisation for illegal foreigner to remain          in   Republic
           (DHA-1759)        pending application for status
     23.   Form 21           Order to illegal foreigner to depart from Republic
           (DHA-1684)
     24.   Form 22           Notice by Immigration Officer to person to produce anything
           (DHA-1720)        in his or her possession or in his or her custody or under his
                             or her control
     25.   Form 23           Notice by immigration officer to person to appear before
           (DHA-1721)        Director-General
     26.   Form 24           Entry and search warrant
           (DHA-1722)
     27.   Form 25           Warrant of arrest
           (DHA-1760)
     28.   Form 26           Receipt of items seized
           (DHA-1723)
     29.   Form 27           Warrant for seizure and removal
           (DHA-1761)
     30.   Form 28           Warrant of detention of illegal foreigner
           (DHA-1725)
     31.   Form 29           Notification of deportation
           (DHA-1724)
     32.   Form 30           Confirmation by court         of detention for purposes of
           (DHA-1725)        deportation
     33.   Form 31           Notice to foreigner of intention to apply to court for extension
           (DHA-1726)        of detention
     34.   Form 32           Application to court for extension of detention and
           (DHA-1727)        authorization by court for that extension
     35.   Form 33           Warrant of detention of person suspected of being illegal
           (DHA-1710)        foreigner
     36.   Form 34           Order to illegal foreigner to deposit a sum to cover expenses
           (DHA-1728)        relating to deportation, detention, maintenance and custody
     37.   Form 35           Warrant for removal of detained illegal foreigner
           (DHA-515)
     38.   Form 36           Warrant for release of detained illegal foreigner
           (DHA-557)
     39.   Form 37           Notification to person at port of entry that he or she is illegal
           (DHA-1694)        foreigner and is refused admission
     40.   Form 38           Declaration to master of ship or person       in charge of
           (DHA-96)          conveyance that person conveyed is illegal foreigner and
                             notice to master of ship or person in charge of conveyance
                             regarding his or her obligations where person conveyed is
                             refused admission
     41.   Form 39           List of passengers and crew, medical return and coastal
           (DHA-128)         advice
     42.   Form 40           List of stowaways
           (DHA-1567)




402000—D
                This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
50   No. 37679                 GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



      43.        Form 41             Application by master or owner of ship or agent representing
                 (DHA-86)            master or owner of ship for certificate to leave harbour
      44.        Form 42             Certificate of compliance to obtain clearance form customs
                 (DHA-92)
      45.        Form 43             Notice of        administrative        fine    incurred   for   incorrect
                 (DHA-1747)          certification
      46.        Form 44             Notice of administrative fine incurred by owner or person in
                 (DHA-1751)          charge of conveyance
      47.        Form 45             Notice of administrative fine incurred by owner or person in
                 (DHA-1775)          charge of conveyance
      48.        Form 46             Application for proof of permanent residence or exemption
                 (DHA-)              status
      49.        Form 47             Application for exemption
                 (DHA-)

      50.        Form 48             Application for waiver of prescribed requirements
                 (DHA-)

      51.        Form 49             Notice of appeal
                 (DHA-)
      52.        Form 50             Change of Address
                 (DHA-)




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                         No. 37679   51




                                                                                       (DHA-1756) Form 1




                              DEPARTMENT OF OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA



       NOTIFICATION REGARDING RIGHT TO REQUEST REVIEW BY MINISTER

                                 [Section 8(1); Regulation 7(1)]

                                                 *Part A:

                 In respect of a person refused admission at a port of entry



To                                                                              (name(s) and surname).
Passport No                                 Nationality.
Date of birth.


In accordance with section 8(1) of the Act, you are hereby notified that you may request the
Minister to review the decision. However, if the conveyance you arrived on is on the point of
departing, you shall lodge a request for review immediately and depart and await the
outcome thereof outside the Republic.



The    conveyor     responsible       for    your      conveyance         to    the        Republic,   namely
                                                      (name and Flight No. / Vessel Registration
No.) is liable for the costs of your detention, maintenance and removal from the Republic.




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
52   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                      * Part B

                       In respect of a person found to be an illegal foreigner


     To                                                                                 (name(s) and surname).
     Passport No                                        Nationality.
     Date of birth.                                      Age                          Gender


     In accordance with section 8(1) of the Act, you are hereby notified that you may, within three
     days from date of this notice, request the Minister to review the decision to deport you.




     Signature of immigration officer                    Place                                  Date



     IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
     Name and Surname:
     Appointment number:
     Rank/position


                                  ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT


     I acknowledge receipt of the original of this notice and understand the content thereof.
     I **intend / do not intend to request a review of this decision.
     My written request *is attached / will be submitted within three days.




     Signature of affected person               Place                                           Date

     *Delete Part A or B, which is not applicable
     **Delete which is not applicable




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                            No. 37679   53




                               CERTIFICATE BY INTERPRETER

                                                                                       (name(s) and surname)
of                                                                                           (business name and
address) and                                                                                          (residential
address) with telephone number                                                                 and cell number
                                         hereby         confirm         that       I          have     mastered
                                                (state language) and that                I    have explained to
                             (name(s) and surname of foreigner) the contents of this notice in
the said language and that I am satisfied that the said foreigner fully understands it.




Signature of interpreter                           Place                                       Date




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
54   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                         (DHA-1714A) Form 2




                                  DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                     REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                 NOTICE OF DECISION ADVERSELY AFFECTING RIGHT OF PERSON
                          [Section 9, read with section 8(3); Regulation 6]


                                                     *Part A:

                                         In relation to port of entry


     To
     Passport No                               Visa No. (where applicable)


     With reference to                                                           you are, in accordance with
     the provisions of section 8(3) of the Act, hereby, notified that the decision is as follows:




     The reason(s) for the decision is/are the following:




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679   55




You may, within 10 working days from date of receipt of this notice, make written
representations to the Director-General through the South African Embassy in the country of
your residence or citizenship to review this decision.


It is your responsibility to enquire about the outcome of your representations.




Signature                                 Place                                           Date



Appointment number



IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Appointment number:
Rank/position
Port of Entry.                                Province.




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
56   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT

     I acknowledge receipt of the original of this notice and declare that I understand its content.

     I *intend /do not intend to make representations to the Department in terms of section 8(4) of
     the Act to review the decision.

     Written representations *are attached / will be submitted within 10 working days.




     Signature of recipient of notice                             Date

     *Delete which is not applicable




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                          No. 37679   57




                              CERTIFICATE BY INTERPRETER

                                                                                      (name(s) and surname)
of                                                                                          (business name and
address) and                                                                                        (residential
address) with telephone number                                                                and cell number
                                         hereby         confirm        that       I          have    mastered
                                                (state language) and that               I    have explained to
                             (name(s) and surname of foreigner) the contents of this notice in
the said language and that I am satisfied that the said foreigner fully understands it.




Signature of interpreter                 Place                                  Date




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
58   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                         (DHA-1714A) Form 2




                                   DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                     REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                 NOTICE OF DECISION ADVERSELY AFFECTING RIGHT OF PERSON
                         [Section 10, read with section 8(3); Regulation 7(2)]
                                                     *Part B:

                                          In relation to permitting


     Ref No.

     To:




     With reference to your application for a                                                             ,


     dated                    , you are, in terms of the provisions of section 8(3) of the Act, hereby,
     notified that the decision is as follows:

     REFUSED

     The reason(s) for the decision is/are the following:




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   59




You may, within 10 working days from date of receipt of this notice, make written
representations to the Director-General to review the decision.

Should you fail to make representations, or fail to keep the Department informed of your
whereabouts, the decision set out above shall remain effective. It is your responsibility to
enquire about the outcome of your representations within 30 days after submission thereof.




Signature                                                    Appointment number (in the case of
                                                             an immigration officer)


Place                                                        Date



I acknowledge receipt of the original of this notice and declare that I understand its content.

I *intend /do not intend to make representations to the Department in terms of section 8(2) of
the Act to review the decision.

Written representations *are attached / will be submitted within 10 working days.




Signature of recipient of notice                             Date
*Delete which is not applicable




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
60   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                     CERTIFICATE BY INTERPRETER

     I                                                                                    (first   name(s)   and
     surname)                                                                                                 of
                                                                                        (business/residential
     address) hereby confirm that I have mastered                                              (state language)
     and that    I   have explained to                                                            the
     contents of this notice in the said language and that I am satisfied that the said detainee fully
     understands it.

     Signed at                                       on this             day of                        20




     Signature of interpreter




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                  No. 37679   61




                                                                                    (DHA-1714A) Form 2




                              DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

           NOTICE OF DECISION ADVERSELY AFFECTING RIGHT OF PERSON
                  [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 8(3); Regulation 7(2)]
                                                *Part C:

                                    In relation to Inspectorate

To:

At:

With reference to                                                                      you are,
in terms of the provisions of section 8(3) of the Act, hereby, notified that the decision is as
follows:




The reason(s) for the decision is/are the following:




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
62   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




     You may, within 10 working days from date of receipt of this notice, make written
     representations to the Director-General to review the decision.




     Signature                                                   Appointment number (in the case of
                                                                 an immigration officer)




     Place                                                        Date



     IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
     Name and Surname:
     Appointment number:
     Rank/position
     Office.
     Province.



     SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
     Name and Surname:
     Rank/position
     Contact No.: Tel :



     I acknowledge receipt of the original of this notice and declare that I understand its content.

     I *intend /do not intend to make representations to the Department in terms of section 8(2) of
     the Act to review the decision.

     Written representations *are attached / will be submitted within 10 working days.




     Signature of recipient of notice                                      Date
     *Delete which is not applicable




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                       No. 37679   63




                                 CERTIFICATE BY INTERPRETER


I                                                                               (first name(s) and surname)
of                                                                                      ('business /residential
address) hereby confirm that I have mastered                                             (state language) and
that   I   have explained to                                                                  the contents of
this notice in the said language and that                I   am satisfied that the said detainee fully
understands it.




Signed at                                            on this           day of                     20




Signature of interpreter




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
64   No. 37679                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                        (DHA-26) Form 3




                                     DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                        REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


       APPLICATION FOR EXEMPTION TO ENTER OR DEPART AT PLACE OTHER THAN
                                                  PORT OF ENTRY
                      [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 9(3)(b); Regulation 6(1)]


     See reverse side for conditions
      Nationality of passport                        Passport or travel
                                                     document No
      Surname                                        First name(s) in full

      Date of birth    Year      Month       Day     Country of normal residence

      Permanent Residence Permit No (where applicable)*                                   Date issued

      Visa for Temporary Sojourn (where applicable)                For purposes of
      valid until*
      Application is hereby made for exemption to enter/exit the Republic at a place
      other than a port of entry
      Where entry/exit is required

      Motivate why exemption is required



      Period of exemption required                              From
                                                                To
      Purpose of exemption

      I have taken note of the conditions on the reverse side hereof

      Date                                                                Signature




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                       STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   65




    FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                              APPLICATION APPROVED / REFUSED
    Valid until

    Reasons for decision:


    File No                                    Permission granted i.t.o
                                              section
    Place                                      Immigration Officer

    Date                                      Appointment/Service No.


                                                CONDITIONS

   Exemption to enter/depart the Republic at a place other than a port of entry may only be
   issued to South African citizens, foreigners exempt in terms of section 31 or foreigners in
   possession of a relevant and valid visa for temporary or permanent sojourn commensurate
   with the purpose of visit indicated on this application.


   This exemption is a privilege and not a right and can therefore be withdrawn at any time.


   The exemption is specifically for the purpose applied for and does not exempt the holder
   from other entry requirements of the Republic, e.g. valid passport, visa, sufficient funds, etc.
   If the exemption is granted, it shall be produced on demand by an immigration officer, police
   officer, Customs officer or a member of the South African National Defence Force in the
   execution of border control duties, together with your passport and/or any other document
   relevant to entry or residence in respect of the Republic.


   Only the holder of the exemption is authorised as indicated thereon and all persons
   accompanying him or her shall comply with the normal entry requirements in their own right.


   The exemption does not exempt the holder from any requirement of another country
   involved when crossing the common border of the Republic with such country.


   Proof of right to return to country of nationality and / or residence may be required from an
   applicant who is a foreigner.




402000—E
                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
66   No. 37679                                                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                                                                                                   Form 4


                 Traveller Card - Republic of South Africa                                                                                                                         DHA-CTC 01
                 This declaration mast be completed by all travellers who enter or leave the Republic of South Africa in terms of the Immigration Act No. 13, Sections
                 7(1)(g) read with Section 9(3)(e); Regulation 6(3)(d), and the Customs & Excise Act No.91 of 1964. Please retain your completed declaration, unless
                 instructed otherwise by Immigration.


                 Surname


                 First Name(s)

                                                                                                                               Date of Birth
                 Nationality
                                                                                                                               (CCYYMMDD)


                 Passport No.

                 Flight No. / Ship No. /
                 Vehicle Reg No

                 Reason for Visit:

                                Resident                           Immigrant                   Study                      Business                            Transit                        Holiday
                     I      1



                                 Resident                          Employment                   Crew                      Other
                                                                                                                          (specify)

                 Country of normal residence


                 Period of intended stay

                 Occupation:

                                Civil Service                     Diplomat                   Military                  Media                    Artist               Charity                 Student
                                                                                         I




                                 Education                        Professional               Trade /                    Other
                                                      I       I
                                                                                     I   I
                                                                                             Business                   (specify)

                 Are you in Possession of:

                 Any prohibited or restricted                                                               Any goods ill,eXCESS of Duty Free                                                N
                 goods?                                                                                     Allowances (NA)?
                 Any good intended for                                                                      Foreign or ZAR




                                                                                                                                                              IN
                                                                                                                                        Fency
                                                                                                                                                                                             N
                 trade?                                                                                     exceetfing Jim                                I      I             I         I




                 Any valuable goods that you need to register for terraaryirtiportatiogtexpertatiort?                                                                                        N




                                                                                                                                                              EN
                 Physical Address in South Africa:

                 Unit No.                                               Street Name
                                                                                              =JIMMIE
                 Hotel / Complex
                 Nam:, of Farm                        NO111111111/111111MI
                 Suburb /



                                             =LEEE:=Eja=
                 District                         I       I        I     I       I                                                ,1        1                                        1           1




                                                                                                                                                              Postal
                 City / Town
                                                                                                                                                              Code


                 Intended Date of Departure from address (CCYYMMDD)                                                                                                        VIII
                 Contact
                 No. in RSA

                 Contact Person
                                                                                                                   I       I        I       I     I                        II        1           1




                 in RSA                                                                                       I    I       I        I       I




                                                          hereby declare that the
                                                                                                        /
                     particulars herein are true and correct


                         For Office Use                                                                 Date (CCYYMMDD)
                                                                                                                                                         III




                                                This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                                                    No. 37679   67




    Upon arrival or departure in / from South Africa ALL goods must be declared
        This declaration must be completed with a black / blue pen in English using capital letters
         Parents or guardians should assist minors to complete the Traveller Card
         Each traveller (or legal guardian in the case of minors) must sign the Traveller Card
         Only the original Traveller Card may be submitted to the Immigration Officer
        After Immigration proceed to either the RED or GREEN channel


    Import of the following goods into South Africa is strictly PROHIBITED:

    ®            Narcotics and habit-forming drugs                             Cigarettes of which the mass exceeds 2kg per 1 000


    0 Fully automatic, military and unnumbered weapons S Trade description or trademark in contravention of any
                                                                               legislative requirements
                 Explosives and fireworks                              0 Unlawful reproductions of any work subject to copyright
     ,...11,


     11,11       Poison and toxic substances                           C Penitentiary or prison-made goods


    RESTRICTED goods may be imported if you are in possession of the necessary authority or permit.
    Examples include:

    0 Firearms                                                         1(k) Animals, plants and their products

                 All gold coins or RSA banknotes or bearer
                 instruments in excess of R25 000 or foreign
                 currency exceeding USS10 000 or equivalent
                                                                       0      Medicine


                 Unprocessed minerals                                  0 Herbal products

    The following goods may be imported in terms of duty- and tax-free ALLOWANCES to a maximum of:

    0 Wine -2 litres                                                   0 Pipe or cigarette tobacco - 250 grams

    0 Other alcoholic beverages -1 litre
                                                                       0 Cigarettes - 200

                                                                       (1.i1 Cigars - 20
                 Accompanied baggage - new or used goods up
                 to 85 000
                                                                       0 Up to 50m1 Perfume and 250m1 eau de toilette


        A traveller is entitled to these allowances once per person during a period of 30 days after an absence of 48 hours from South Africa
        The tobacco and alcohol allowance is not applicable to persons under the age of 18 years
        Crew members are not entitled to any consumable allowances

r
        Personal effects and/or sporting and recreational equipment are duty and tax free if brought in by.
        - Visitors for own use and if goods do not remain in South Afnca

        -      Returning residents where such goods can be identified as the same goods that were taken abroad
        Goods in excess of allowances may attract Customs duty and/or VAT

        Failure to declare any goods, the under-declaration of value or the production of false receipts can lead to seizure of goods,
        criminal prosecution and imposition of severe penalties




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
68   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                          (DHA-1565) Form 5




                                   DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                      REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                       DECLARATION BY FOREIGNER SEEKING ADMISSION
                     [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 9(3)(e); Regulation 6(4)


                                                                                                LEFT THUMB
     Surname:                                                                                   PRINT
     First name:
     Date of birth:      /       /
     Place of birth (town/city):                    Country of birth:
     Marital status:                             Nationality:
     Country of permanent residence:
     Country which issued passport / travel document:
     Passport / travel document no                      issued at (place)
     on                           (date) and valid until                                                 (date).
     Place and date of arrival in the Republic:
     Occupation / profession (describe in full)

     Purpose of visit (must be described in full and in the case of commercial activities, the
     nature thereof must also be described)

     Duration of intended stay in the Republic (intended date of departure)
     Address in Republic:

     Have you ever been refused a visa for or admission to, deported from or instructed to leave
     the Republic?        (Yes/No). If yes, furnish details

     Ideclare that the information have furnished above is true and correct and that if I am
                                        I



     admitted to the Republic, I will comply with the purpose and conditions of my permit.



     Signature of deponent                                         Place                             Date




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679   69




CERTIFICATE BY INTERPRETER

I                                                                          (first name and surname) of


(*business/residential address) hereby confirm that I have mastered.
(state language) and that have explained to
                             I                                                      [first
name and surname of detainee] the contents of this notice in the said language and that I
am satisfied that the said detainee fully understands it.

Signed at                        on this               day of                              20




Signature of interpreter




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
70   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                           (DHA-1746) Form 6




                                   DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                      REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


           INTERVIEW BY IMMIGRATION OFFICER OF PERSON NOT HAVING SATISFIED
             IMMIGRATION OFFICER THAT HE OR SHE IS NOT ILLEGAL FOREIGNER
                      [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 9(3)(d); Regulation 6(6)



                                                                                  (first name(s) and surname
     of passenger) presented *himself/herself to me in terms of section 9(3)(d), read with section
     34(8) of the Act and could not satisfy me that *he/she is not an illegal foreigner. Hereunder
     is a written account of the interview I conducted in terms of regulation 6(6).


     *Delete whichever is not applicable


     PRIOR TO THE INTERVIEW
     Do you understand English?                                   Yes                 No


     Are you fit, well and willing to be interviewed?             Yes                 No


     Do you require an interpreter?                               Yes                 No


     Is there anything important that you wish to raise before the interview starts?
     Yes            No




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                      No. 37679   71




CONTENT OF THE INTERVIEW (use additional pages if space is insufficient)




STATEMENT OF PERSON INTERVIEWED
I                                                                                   (name(s) and
surname) hereby acknowledge that the above is a true account of the interview that took
place.


                                                                                           Left thumbprint
Signature of foreigner                             Date
(interviewed person)



DECISION OF IMMIGRATION OFFICER




REASON(S) FOR DECISION (use additional pages if space is insufficient)




Signature of immigration officer         Place                                            Date



IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and surname:
Appointment number:                               Rank.
Port of Entry:




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
72   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                    CERTIFICATE BY INTERPRETER

                                                                                        (name(s) and surname)
     of
     (*business/residential address) with telephone number                                      and cell number
                       hereby confirm that I have mastered
     (state language) and that       I   have explained to                                        (name(s) and
     surname of foreigner) the contents of this notice in the said language and that I am satisfied
     that the said foreigner fully understands it.




     Signature of interpreter                  Place                                  Date




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                         No. 37679   73




                                                                                            (DHA-) Form 7A




                                DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                  REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                               RETURN OF ILLEGAL FOREIGNER
                   [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 9(3)(d); Regulation 6(13)


      (ATTESTATION RELATING TO LOST OR DESTROYED TRAVEL DOCUMENTS)



From: Immigration Services
Port of Entry:                                (Name)
Telephone.
Facsimile.


To:              Immigration             or             other               appropriate            authority:
                                               (Name)
Port of Entry:
Country:


The person for whom this document is issued arrived on                                  /           /
(date) at                                                                                   (name of) airport
on    flight number                           from
(City and Country).


This person, who was found to be inadmissible, has lost or destroyed his / her travel
documents and claims to be/is understood to be (strike out whichever is not applicable and
add any appropriate supporting information).




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
74   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




     Names and surname.
     Date of birth.                                Place of birth.
     Nationality.
                                                                                                   Photograph
     Place of residence-




     The conveyor (where applicable) was instructed to remove the passenger from the territory
     of this State on flight                         (flight number) departing on              /       /
     (date) at                     (time) from                                                       (name of)
     airport.


     Pursuant to Annex 9 to the Convention on International Civil Aviation, the last State in which
     a passenger previously stayed and most recently travelled from is invited to accept him or
     her for re-examination when he or she has been refused admission to another State.




     Signature of immigration officer                                      Date




     IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
     Name and Surname:
     Appointment number:
     Rank/position
     Port of entry:




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                      No. 37679   75




                                                                                           (DHA-) Form 7B




                              DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
                 [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 9(3)(d); Regulation 6(14)


    (LETTER RELATING TO FRAUDULENT, FALSIFIED OR COUNTERFEIT TRAVEL
        DOCUMENTS OR GENUINE DOCUMENTS PRESENTED BY IMPOSTERS)




From: Immigration Services
Port of Entry:                                                      (Name)
Telephone.                       Facsimile.


To: Immigration or appropriate authority: (Name)
Port of Entry:                                                      (Name)
Country:                                                           (Name)


Enclosed herewith is a photocopy of a fraudulent/falsified/counterfeit passport/identity
document/genuine document presented by an imposter, with number


Country in whose name this document was issued.


The above-mentioned document was used by a person claiming to be:
Names and surname.
Date of birth.                            Place of birth.
Nationality.                                                                                 Photograph

Place of residence.




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
76   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




     This person arrived on       (date) at            (name of Port of Entry) on                 (Conveyance)
     from (City and Country).


     The holder was refused entry into the Republic and the conveyor (where applicable) has
     been instructed to remove the passenger from the territory of the Republic on
     (conveyance) departing at            (time) and            (date) from            (name of port of entry).


     The above-mentioned document will be required as evidence in the holder's prosecution
     and has been impounded. As this document is the property of the State in whose name it
     was issued, it will be returned, following prosecution, to the appropriate authorities.


     According to Annex 9 to the Convention on International Civil Aviation, the last State in
     which a passenger previously stayed and most recently travelled from is invited to accept
     him or her for re-examination when he or she has been refused admission to another State.




     Signature of immigration officer                   Place                                  Date




     IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
     Name and Surname:
     Appointment number:
     Rank/position
     Office.                                          Province.




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679   77




                                                                                           (DHA-) Form 7C




                              DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
                 [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 9(3)(d); Regulation 6(14)


        (REFERRAL LETTER FOR DETENTION OR PROSECUTION RELATING TO
  FRAUDULENT, FALSIFIED OR COUNTERFEIT TRAVEL DOCUMENTS OR GENUINE
DOCUMENTS PRESENTED BY IMPOSTERS OR SUSPECTED ILLEGAL FOREIGNERS)




From: Station Commissioner / Head of Place of detention




Case No.


Enclosed herewith is a photocopy of a fraudulent/falsified/counterfeit passport/identity
document/genuine document presented by an imposter or suspected illegal foreigner, with
number


Country in whose name this document was issued:


The above-mentioned document was used by a person claiming to be:
Names and surname'
Date of birth.                             Place of birth.
                                                                                               Photograph
Nationality.
Place of residence.




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
78   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




     The holder produced the abovementioned document upon request for his/her identification
     or was found in possession of the abovementioned document during an investigation.


     The above-mentioned document will be required as evidence in the holder's prosecution
     and has been impounded. As this document is the property of the State in whose name it
     was issued, it will be returned, following prosecution, to the appropriate authorities.


     Reason why prosecution is not proceeding:




     Signature of immigration officer                   Place                                  Date



     IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
     Name and Surname:
     Appointment number:
     Rank/position
     Office                                           Province




     SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
     Name and Surname:
     Rank/position
     Contact No.: Tel




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                       STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                         No. 37679   79




                                                                                          (DHA-1738) Form 8




                                 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                    REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

        APPLICATION FOR VISA TO TEMPORARILY SOJOURN IN THE REPUBLIC
                              [Section 10(2)(c) to (k); Regulation 9(1)]


CATEGORY OF PERMIT BEING APPLIED FOR

Visitor's visa                       Exchange Visa
Study Visa (> 3 months)              Business Visa
                                                                                                 Biometric
Treaty Visa                          Work Visa: Critical Skills
                                                                                          (Attach Fingerprint Form,
                                                                                              with Photograph)
Relative's Visa                      Work Visa: General

Medical Treatment                    Work Visa: Intra-company
Visa                                 transfer
Retired Person's Visa



FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
Office of application:                        BLOK:                                      Track & Trace Ref No

Date received:                                Date forwarded to Head Office:

Application quality checked by/on:            Date received at Head Office               Remarks:


Passport seen/returned by/on:                 Decision and date:


Fee: Currency and amount

Fee received by/on:
Receipt no:




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
80    No. 37679                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




     Conditions of permit / Reason for refusal




      1. PERSONAL DETAILS
     Title:             Mr     Ms      Other (specify)
     Surname/Family name:                                       Given names:



     Maiden name:                                               Stage name:



     Previous/alternative name(s)/aliases, including details:
     Date of birth:
     Year                                 Month                                      Day


     Place of birth:       Town/City                                 Country
                                                                             Legally recognised spousal
                Never married                 Separated
     Marital                                                                 relationship
     status:    Married                       Widowed

                                              Customary
                Divorced
                                              union
     If separated state:
     Whether divorce proceedings have been instituted and when final decree is expected




     If divorced, provide:
     Date of divorce:
     Divorce order must be attached.
     If part to a spousal relationship with a citizen or permanent resident, a certified copy of the
     marriage certificate or a spousal affidavit must be attached.




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679   81




2.   CITIZENSHIP DETAILS
Present country of citizenship:
If acquired other than by birth, date and conditions under which acquired:




Do you hold any other citizenship?                               Yes               No
If so, of which country, plus details




3. PASSPORT DETAILS
Passport number:                                           Country of issue:


Date of issue.              /             /                Expiry date.                 /       /
If you have any other document required by your government, provide details:
Type of document                         Number                           Expiry date.      /   /




4. ADDRESSES
Residential address:                                       Postal address:




Postal code                                                Postal code
Country of usual residence if other than country of origin or above address:




Telephone No.: Work: (incl. area code)                        Home: (incl. area code)




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
82    No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




     Other addresses where you have lived during the last ten years other than your current
     address:
     Address:                                         Period:              Country:




     Do you hold the right of re-entry into your country of origin and/or country of residence if this
     differs?    Yes            No


     If no, specify period and present status




     Have you ever applied for asylum or refugee status in SA or any other country?
     Yes               No         If yes, specify the country




     Contact person:
     Relationship: Friend            Business Associate                 Relative                 Other


     Name:
     Address:




     Telephone No.: Work: (incl. area code)       .                  Home: (incl. area code)


     Details regarding relatives and/or friends in the Republic, if any.
                Name                        Address                      Relationship            Identity No




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                          No. 37679   83




5. INTENTIONS/PROPOSED DURATION OF STAY IN THE REPUBLIC
Proposed date and place of departure
                                                        /              /
for the Republic:
Anticipated date and place of arrival in
                                                       /              /
the Republic:
Travelling by: Air           Road                      Rail                 Sea                    Carrier
What is your intended duration of stay in the Republic:
Days/weeks/months/or             Years             Intended date of departure                  /        /


Outline your proposed activities whilst in the Republic:




6. MAINTENANCE/DEPORTATION
State what funds you have available for maintenance during your stay in the Republic and
whether you have a return ticket or other arrangements made for maintenance and return
passage:


Available funds (foreign currency): Type.                                     Amount:
South African Rand equivalent:                      (attach bank statement as proof of funds held).
Valid return or onward ticket no:                                    Expiry date:          /            /


Other:




7. PARTICULARS OF ANY FAMILY/DEPENDANTS ACCOMPANYING YOU (attach
     page if space is not enough):
Full names           Date of        Relationship       Passport       Expiry
                                                                                  Nationality       Occupation
                     birth                             No.             date




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
84   No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




     If your spouse and/or other dependants are not accompanying you, do they intend to enter the
     country at a later stage?

     Yes             On (date)

     No              Details/reason(s):




     Have you ever been refused entry into or deported from the Republic: If so, please provide
     details:




     8. SECURITY/HEALTH QUESTIONNAIRE
     Have you or any of your dependants accompanying you ever been
     convicted of any crime in any country?                                                      Yes   No

     Is a criminal/civil case pending against you or any of your dependants
     accompanying you in any country?                                                            Yes   No

     Are you or any of your dependants suffering from tuberculosis, any
     other infectious or contagious disease or any mental or physical                            Yes   No
     deficiency?
     Are you an unrehabilitated insolvent?
                                                                                                 Yes   No

     Have you ever been judicially declared incompetent?
                                                                                                 Yes   No

     Are you a member of or adherent to an association or organisation
     advocating the practice of social violence, or racial hatred?                               Yes   No

     Furnish full particulars if the reply to any of these questions is in the affirmative:




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                          STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679   85




    9. ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION YOU WISH TO BRING TO THE DEPARTMENT'S
       ATTENTION:




    10. DECLARATION BY APPLICANT


I    acknowledge that    I     understand the contents and implications of this application and
solemnly declare that the above particulars given by me as well as all particulars in the
attached supporting documentation are true and correct.




Signature of applicant                                                                           Date




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
86    No. 37679                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




     THE FOLLOWING ORIGINAL SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS MUST ACCOMPANY THE
     APPLICATION


     In respect of all temporary residence visa applications, except medical treatment visas:
                                                                                                   Attached
                                                                                                   Yes        No

      Valid passport which expires in no less than 30 days after expiry of the
      intended date of departure from the Republic
      A yellow fever vaccination certificate, where applicable.
      A medical report.
      A radiological report.
      Marriage certificate or in the case of a foreign spousal relationship, proof
      of official recognition thereof issued by the authorities of the foreign
      country of the applicant (where applicable).
      The affidavit where a spousal relationship to a South African citizen or
      resident is applicable, as well as documentation proving cohabitation and
      the extent to which the related financial responsibilities are shared by the
      parties and setting out the particulars of children in the spousal
      relationship.
      Divorce decree, where applicable.
      Court order granting full or specific parental responsibilities and rights,
      where applicable.
      Death certificate, in respect of late spouse, where applicable.
      Written consent from both parents and full parental responsibilities and
      rights parent, where applicable.
      Proof of adoption where applicable.
      Legal separation order, where applicable.
      Police clearance certificates in respect of applicants 18 years and older, in
      respect of all countries where person resided one year or longer since
      having attained the age of 18.




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                   No. 37679   87




Additional supporting documents in respect of a study visa:


                                                                                             Attached
                                                                                             Yes        No
An official letter confirming provisional acceptance or acceptance at that
 learning institution and the duration of the course.
An undertaking by the Registrar or Principal of the learning institution to-
    (i)      provide proof of registration as contemplated in the relevant
             legislation within 60 days of registration; or
     (ii)    In the event of failure to register by the closing date, provide the
             Director-General with a notification of failure to register within 7
             days of the closing date of registration;
     (iii)   Within 30 days, notify the Director-General that the applicant is
             no longer registered with such institution; and
     (iv)    Within 30 days, notify the Director-General when the applicant
             has completed his or her studies or requires to extend such
             period of study

 In the case of a learner under the age of 18 years -
     (i)     an unabridged birth certificate;
     (ii)    a valid passport;
     (iii)   proof of physical address and contact number of the adult
             person residing in the Republic, who is acting or has accepted
             to act as such learner's guardian, including a confirmatory letter
             from that guardian; and
     (iv)    proof of consent for the intended stay from both parents, or
             where applicable, from the parent or legal guardian who has
             been issued with a court order granting full or specific parental
             responsibilities and rights or legal guardianship of the learner.

 In the case of a foreign state accepting responsibility for the applicant in
 terms of a bilateral agreement, a written undertaking from such foreign
 state to pay for the departure of the applicant.




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
88   No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                Attached
                                                                                                Yes        No
     An official letter confirming provisional acceptance or acceptance at that
     learning institution and the duration of the course.
     An undertaking by the Registrar or Principal of the learning institution to-
         (i)     provide proof of registration as contemplated in the relevant
                 legislation within 60 days of registration; or
         (ii)    In the event of failure to register by the closing date, provide the
                 Director-General with a notification of failure to register within 7
                 days of the closing date of registration;
         (iii)   Within 30 days, notify the Director-General that the applicant is
                 no longer registered with such institution; and
         (iv)    Within 30 days, notify the Director-General when the applicant
                 has completed his or her studies or requires to extend such
                 period of study

     In the case of a learner under the age of 18 years-
         (i)     an unabridged birth certificate;
         (ii)    a valid passport;
         (iii)   proof of physical address and contact number of the adult
                 person residing in the Republic, who is acting or has accepted
                 to act as such learner's guardian, including a confirmatory letter
                 from that guardian; and
         (iv)    proof of consent for the intended stay from both parents, or
                 where applicable, from the parent or legal guardian who has
                 been issued with a court order granting full or specific parental
                 responsibilities and rights or legal guardianship of the learner.

     Proof of medical cover renewed annually for the period of study with a
     medical scheme registered in terms of the Medical Schemes Act.
     an undertaking by the parents or legal guardian that the learner will have
     medical cover for the full duration of the period of study
     Proof of sufficient financial means available to the learner whilst resident in
     the Republic.




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                        STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                   No. 37679   89




 Additional su000rtina documents in respect of a treaty visa:
                                                                                                Attached
                                                                                                Yes      No
 A letter from the relevant organ of state which is party to the treaty attesting
 to-
 (a)   the nature of the programme;

 (b)   participation of the foreigner in the specified programme;
 (c)   the type of activities the foreigner is expected to perform and the
       duration thereof.
 (d) Accommodation of the foreigner.
 (e) Any other relevant details pertaining to the foreigner's stay in the
       Republic.
 A written undertaking by the sending or receiving organ of state accepting
 responsibility for the costs related to the deportation of the applicant and
 his or her dependent family members, should it become necessary.



Additional supporting documents in support of a business visa

In respect of a business visa by a foreigner who intends to establish a business or
invest in a business that is not yet established in the Republic
                                                                                                Attached

                                                                                               Yes      No




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
90   No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                  Attached

                                                                                                 Yes     No

     A certificate issued by a chartered accountant registered with the South
     African Institute of Chartered Accountants or a professional accountant
     registered with the South African Institute of Professional Accountants to
     the effect that: -
     (a)   at   least an amount in cash to be invested in the Republic as
           determined from time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the
           Minister of Trade and Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is available; or


     (b)   at at least an amount in cash and a capital contribution as determined
           from time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the Minister of
           Trade and Industry, by notice in the Gazette is available.

     (c)   Undertaking by the applicant that at least 60% of the total staff
           compliment to be employed in the operations of the business shall be
           South African citizens or permanent residents employed permanently
           in   various positions: Provided that proof of compliance with this
           undertaking shall be submitted within 12 months of issuance of the
           visa.
     An undertaking to register with the-
     (a) South African Revenue Service;

     (b) Unemployment Insurance Fund;
     (c)   Compensation Fund for Occupational Injuries and Diseases;
     (d) Companies and Intellectual Properties Commission (CPIC); where
           legally required, and
     (e)   Relevant professional body, board or council recognised by SAQA in
           terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework Act
           where applicable: Provided that upon registration, all certificates shall
           be submitted to the Director-General




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                   No. 37679   91




                                                                                              Attached

                                                                                             Yes      No
A letter of recommendation from the Department of Trade and Industry
regarding-
(a) The feasibility of the business; and

(b) The contribution to the national interest of the Republic


Additional supporting documents in respect of a business visa
In respect of a business visa by a foreigner who has established a business or invested
in an existing business in the Republic
                                                                                               Attached

                                                                                             Yes      No

A certificate issued by a chartered accountant registered with the South
African Institute of Chartered Accountants or a professional accountant
 registered with the South African Institute of Professional Accountants to the
 effect that:
 (a) at least an amount in cash to be invested in the Republic as determined
       from time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the Minister of
       Trade and Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is available or already
       invested; or;
 (b) at least an amount in cash and a capital contribution as determined from
       time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the Minister of Trade
       and Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is available or already invested;
 (c)   proof that at least 60% of the total staff compliment employed in the
       operations of the business are          South African citizens or permanent
       residents employed permanently in various positions.




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
92   No. 37679                         GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                    Attached

                                                                                                   Yes    No

     Proof of registration with the-
     (a) South African Revenue Service;
     (b) Unemployment Insurance Fund;

     (c) Compensation Fund for Occupational Injuries and Diseases;
     (d) Companies and Intellectual Properties Commission (CPIC), where
           legally required; and
     (e)   relevant   professional body, board or council recognised by SAQA in
           terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework Act,
           where applicable.
     A letter of recommendation from the Department of Trade and Industry
     regarding-
     (a) The feasibility of the business; and

     (b) The contribution to the national interest of the Republic.
     A foreigner who invests or has invested in an existing business shall, in addition, submit-
           (a) Financial statement in respect of the preceding financial year; and
           (b) Proof of investment



     The applicant must, within 12 months of the visa being issued, submit to the
     Director-General a letter of confirmation from the Department of Labour,
           60% of the staff compliment employed in the operations of the business
     are South African citizens or permanent residents who are employed
     permanently in various positions.




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                 No. 37679   93




Additional supporting documents in respect of a medical treatment visa:
                                                                                            Attached
                                                                                            Yes      No
A letter from the applicant's registered medical practitioner or medical
 institution within the Republic, confirming-
 (a) That space is available at the medical institution;

 (b) The estimated costs of the treatment;
 (c) Whether or not the disease or ailment is treatable or curable;
 (d) The treatment schedule; and
 (e) The period of intended treatment in the Republic.
The details of, and confirmation by, the person or institution responsible for
the medical expenses and hospital fees: Provided that in a case where the
 applicant's medical scheme or employer is not liable for expenses incurred,
 proof of financial means to cover medical costs.
The particulars of the persons accompanying the applicant
A valid return air flight ticket, where applicable
 Proof of sufficient financial means or provision for the costs indirectly
 related to the treatment.



Additional supporting documents in respect of a relative's visa:
                                                                                            Attached
                                                                                            Yes      No
 Proof of kinship, within the second step, between the applicant and the
 citizen or permanent resident in the form of-
(a) An unabridged birth certificate; and

(b) Where necessary, paternity test results.
The financial assurance contemplated in section 18(1) of the Act shall be
 an amount, per person per month, as determined from time to time by the
 Minister by notice in the Gazette, to be proven by means of a current salary
 advice or a certified bank statement not older than three months at the time
 of application: Provided that the financial assurance shall not be required
where the South African citizen or permanent resident is a dependent child.
 Police clearance




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
94    No. 37679                           GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




     Additional supporting documents in respect of a general work visa:
                                                                                                       Attached

                                                                                                      Yes    No

     A written undertaking by the employer accepting responsibility for the costs
      related to the deportation of the applicant and his or her dependent family
      members, should it become necessary.
     A written undertaking by the employer to ensure that the passport of his or
      her employee is valid at all times for the duration of his or her employment
     A certificate by the Department of Labour confirming that-
      (a)   despite diligent search, the prospective employer has been unable to
            find a suitable citizen or permanent resident with qualifications or skills
            and experience equivalent to those of the applicant;

      (b) The applicant has qualifications or proven skills and experience in line
            with the job offer;
      (c) The salary and benefits of the applicant are not inferior to the average
            salary and benefits of citizens or employees occupying similar positions
            in the Republic;
      (d) A contract of employment stipulating the conditions of employment and
            signed by both the employer and the applicant in line with the labour
            standards in the Republic and is made conditional upon the general
            work visa being approved;
      (e)   Proof of qualifications evaluated by SAQA and translated by a sworn
            translator into one of the official languages of the Republic; and
      (f)   Full particulars of the employer, including, where applicable, proof of
            registration of the business with the Commission on Intellectual Property
            and Companies (CI PC).
      An undertaking by the employer to inform the Director-General should the
      applicant not comply with the provisions of the Act, or conditions of the visa.
      An undertaking by the employer to inform the Director-General upon the
      employee no longer being in the employ of such employer or when he or she
      is employed in a different capacity or role.




                                  This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                 No. 37679   95




Additional supporting documents in respect of a critical skills work visa:
                                                                                            Attached
                                                                                            Yes      No
 A written undertaking by the employer accepting responsibility for the costs
 related to the deportation of the applicant and his or her dependent family
 members, should it become necessary.
 A written undertaking by the employer to ensure that the passport of his or
 her employee is valid at all times for the duration of his or her employment
 A confirmation, in writing, from the professional body, council or board
 recognised by SAQA in terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National
 Qualifications Framework Act,        or any relevant government Department
 confirming the skills or qualifications of the applicant and appropriate post
 qualification experience.
 If required by law, proof of application for a certificate of registration with
 the professional body, council or board recognised by SAQA in terms of
 section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework Act.
 Proof of evaluation of the foreign qualification by SAQA and translated by a
 sworn translator into one of the official languages of the Republic..




Additional supporting documents in respect of an intra-company transfer work visa:
                                                                                             Attached
                                                                                            Yes     No
 A written undertaking by the employer accepting responsibility for the costs
 related to the deportation of the applicant and his or her dependent family
 members, should it become necessary
 A written undertaking by the employer to ensure that the passport of his or
 her employee is valid at all times for the duration of his or her employment
 The foreigner's contract of employment with the company abroad valid for a
 period of not less than six months.
 Letter from the company abroad confirming that the applicant shall be
 transferred to a branch, subsidiary or an affiliate of that company in the
 Republic.




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
96    No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                  Attached
                                                                                                 Yes     No
     A letter from the branch, subsidiary or an affiliate in the Republic confirming
     the transfer of the foreigner and specifying the occupation and capacity in
     which the foreigner shall be employed.
     An undertaking from the employer that-
     (a)   the foreigner shall only be employed in the specific position for which
           the visa has been issued;

     (b)   the foreigner will, at all times, comply with the provisions of the Act and
           conditions of his or her visa and undertakes to immediately notify the
           Director-General if the employee refuses to comply with the provisions
           of the Act or conditions of the visa; and
     (c)   A plan is developed for the transfer of skills to a South African citizen or
           permanent


     An undertaking from the branch, subsidiary or an affiliate in the Republic to
      reimburse the Department any costs incurred in relation to the deportation
      of the holder of an intra-company transfer work visa and any of his or her
      family members




     Additional supporting documents in respect of a retired person visa:
                                                                                                 Attached
                                                                                                 Yes      No
      The minimum monthly payment to a foreigner from a pension fund or an
      irrevocable retirement annuity or a net worth or a combination of assets
      realising the amount determined from time to time by the Minister by notice
      in the Gazette.




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679   97




 Additional supporting documents in respect of an exchange visa:
 In  the case of a learning institution in the Republic in conjunction with a foreign
 learning institution or an organ of a foreign state organising or administering the
 exchange programme:
                                                                                                Attached
                                                                                                Yes      No
 Proof of a valid return air ticket or written undertaking by the organ of state,
 learning institution or employer accepting responsibility for the return or
 deportation costs of the applicant, as the case may be
 Proof of medical cover for the duration of the exchange period with a
 medical scheme registered in terms of the Medical Schemes Act, 1998 (Act
 No 131 of 1998)
 A letter from the Department of Basic Education, or Higher Education and
 Training, or the learning institution in the Republic confirming that it is
 responsible   for   organising     or    administering       the    existence      of   the
 programme, outlining the activities, terms and conditions and duration
 thereof; and accepting full responsibility for the student whilst he or she is
 in the Republic.
 A letter from the foreign state institution or learning institution of the foreign
 state confirming the particulars of the applicant, the applicant's enrolment
 with a learning institution abroad, and the date on which the programme
 shall commence.


Additional supporting documents in respect of an exchange visa:
In the case of a programme of cultural, economic or social exchange, organised or
administered by an organ of state or a learning institution, in conjunction with a
learning institution or a foreign state institution:
                                                                                                Attached

                                                                                               Yes     No
 Proof of a valid return air ticket or written undertaking by the organ of state,
 learning institution or employer accepting responsibility for the return or
 deportation costs of the applicant, as the case may be.




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
98   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                 Attached

                                                                                                Yes     No
     Proof of medical cover for the duration of the exchange period with a
     medical scheme registered in terms of the Medical Schemes Act, 1998 (Act
     No. 131 of 1998)
     A letter from the organ of state or learning institution confirming the
     existence of the exchange programme; or


     A letter from the foreign institution confirming the enrolment of the applicant
     or the foreign state institution conducting the programme, as the case may
     be.




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679   99




                                                                                        (DHA-1740) Form 9




                                DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                   REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


           APPLICATION FOR CHANGE OF CONDITIONS ON EXISTING VISA
                                      OR CHANGE OF STATUS
                                   [Section 10(6); Regulation 9(6)]


IMPORTANT

I,                                                                                           (surname and
name of applicant), with passport number                                           declare that I understand
that-

1.   This application form and supporting documents must be submitted in person at a
     designated office of the Department;

2.   Except in the case of medical treatment OR if the applicant is the spouse or dependent
     child of the holder of a business or work visa, the holder of a port of entry visa, visitor's
     visa and medical treatment visa may not apply for a change of conditions or status of an
     existing visa, unless he or she is in possession of a letter issued on behalf of the
     Minister of Home Affairs that good cause had been demonstrated for the submission of
     such an application;

3.   An application for change of conditions or status of an existing visa will only be
     accepted if the application and relevant supporting documents are submitted at least
     60 days before the expiry of the existing visa; and

4.   An application for change of status does not grant me such status and does not entitle
     me to any benefits under the Immigration Act, including the right to sojourn in the
     Republic pending the decision in respect of the application.




Signature of applicant                                                   Date




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
100    No. 37679                         GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      For official use only                                   BLOK:
      Office of application:


      Date received:                                         Track & Trace Ref No.:

      Submission         quality        checked        by:    Regional file no.:


      Persal number:
      Date:

      Passport          checked/returned               by:    Date received at Head Office:
                                                              D



      Persal number:
      Date.

      Fee received by:                                       Approved/rejected by
      Persal number:                                          Persal number:
      Receipt number:                                         Rank:
      Date:


      Conditions of visa / Reason(s) for rejection.




      PARTICULARS OF APPLICANT:
      Surname/Family name:                    First name(s):                                       Date of birth:


      Residential   address        in   the
      Republic:

      Home Telephone No:

      Work Telephone No.

      Cellphone No.

      E-mail address:




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   101




PASSPORT DETAILS:


Passport number:                                     Issuing country:

Date of issue:                                       Valid until:

If you have any other identity document issued by your government, provide details:


Type of document:                                    Number:

Date of issue:                                       Expiry date:



DETAILS OF ORIGINAL VISA ISSUED TO YOU PRIOR TO OR ON ARRIVAL IN THE
REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA:


Date of entry:                                          Permit No:

Place of entry:                                         Date of expiry:

Purpose of entry:



DETAILS OF ANY SUBSEQUENT VISA ISSUED TO YOU OR THE MOST RECENT
RENEWAL THEREOF:


Type of visa:

Issued at:                                                        Reference number:

Date of issue/renewal:                                            Date of expiry:




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
102     No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      I HEREBY APPLY TO:
      *Delete which is not applicable
      * Change the status of my existing visa. (Provide details of the type of visa you require and
        the reason(s)); or
      * Change the conditions on my existing visa as follows. (Provide details)


      Provide full details of your reason(s) for requesting the above-mentioned change of status or
      conditions (attach page if space is not enough):




  SECURITY AND HEALTH QUESTIONNAIRE
      Have you or any of your dependants accompanying you ever been
      convicted of any crime in any country?                                                     Yes     No


      Is a criminal/civil case pending against you or any of your dependants
      accompanying you in any country?                                                           Yes     No


      Are you or any of your dependants suffering from tuberculosis, any
      other infectious or contagious disease or any mental or physical                           Yes     No
      deficiency?
      Are you an unrehabilitated insolvent?
                                                                                                 Yes
                                                                                                       _ No
      Have you ever been judicially declared incompetent?
                                                                                                 Yes
                                                                                                       _ No
      Are you a member of or adherent to an association or organisation
      advocating the practice of social violence, or racial hatred?                              Yes     No




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   103




Furnish full particulars if the reply to any of the above questions is in the affirmative:




ADDITIONAL MATTERS YOU WISH TO BRING TO THE DEPARTMENT'S ATTENTION




DECLARATION BY APPLICANT

1.   I   acknowledge that     I   understand the contents and implications of this application.     I




     solemnly declare that the above particulars provided by me are true and correct.
2.   All the documents in support of my application are attached.



Signed at                                           on this           day of                 20




Signature of applicant




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
104    No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




  THE FOLLOWING ORIGINAL SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS MUST ACCOMPANY THE
  APPLICATION
  In respect of all temporary residence visa applications, except medical treatment visas:
                                                                                                   Attached
                                                                                                   Yes        No
      Valid passport which expires in no less than 30 days after expiry of the
      intended date of departure from the Republic
      A yellow fever vaccination certificate, where applicable.
      A medical report.
      A radiological report.
      Marriage certificate or in the case of a foreign spousal relationship, proof
      of official recognition thereof issued by the authorities of the foreign
      country of the applicant (where applicable).
      The affidavit where a spousal relationship to a South African citizen or
      resident is applicable, as well as documentation proving cohabitation and
      the extent to which the related financial responsibilities are shared by the
      parties and setting out the particulars of children in the spousal
      relationship.
      Divorce decree, where applicable.
      Court order granting full or specific parental responsibilities and rights,
      where applicable.
      Death certificate, in respect of late spouse, where applicable.
      Written consent from both parents and full parental responsibilities and
      rights parent, where applicable.
      Proof of adoption where applicable.
      Legal separation order, where applicable.
      Police clearance certificates in respect of applicants 18 years and older, in
      respect of all countries where person resided one year or longer since
      having attained the age of 18.




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                         STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679   105




Additional supporting documents in respect of a study visa:


                                                                                                 Attached
                                                                                                 Yes        No
An official letter confirming provisional acceptance or acceptance at that
 learning institution and the duration of the course.
An undertaking by the Registrar or Principal of the learning institution to-
(i)     provide proof       of registration      as contemplated           in   the   relevant
        legislation within 60 days of registration; or
(ii)    In the event of failure to register by the closing date, provide the
        Director-General with a notification of failure to register within 7 days
        of the closing date of registration;
(iii)   Within 30 days, notify the Director-General that the applicant is no
        longer registered with such institution; and
(iv)    Within 30 days, notify the Director-General when the applicant has
        completed his or her studies or requires to extend such period of
        study

 In the case of a learner under the age of 18 years-
(i)     an unabridged birth certificate;
(ii)    a valid passport;
(iii)   proof of physical address and contact number of the adult person
        residing in the Republic, who is acting or has accepted to act as such
        learner's guardian, including a confirmatory letter from that guardian;
        and
(iv)    proof of consent for the intended stay from both parents, or where
        applicable, from the parent or legal guardian who has been issued
        with a court order granting full or specific parental responsibilities and
        rights or legal guardianship of the learner.

 In the case of a foreign state accepting responsibility for the applicant in
terms of a bilateral agreement, a written undertaking from such foreign
state to pay for the departure of the applicant.




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
106         No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                        Attached
                                                                                                        Yes        No
      An official letter confirming provisional acceptance or acceptance at that
      learning institution and the duration of the course.
      An undertaking by the Registrar or Principal of the learning institution to-
      (i)      provide   proof of      registration     as contemplated           in   the   relevant
               legislation within 60 days of registration; or
      (ii)     In the event of failure to register by the closing date, provide the
               Director-General with a notification of failure to register within 7 days
               of the closing date of registration;
      (iii)    Within 30 days, notify the Director-General that the applicant is no
               longer registered with such institution; and
      (iv)     Within 30 days, notify the Director-General when the applicant has
               completed his or her studies or requires to extend such period of
               study

      In the case of a learner under the age of 18 years-
      (i)      an unabridged birth certificate;
      (ii)     a valid passport;
      (iii)    proof of physical address and contact number of the adult person
               residing in the Republic, who is acting or has accepted to act as such
               learner's guardian, including a confirmatory letter from that guardian;
               and
      (iv)     proof of consent for the intended stay from both parents, or where
               applicable, from the parent or legal guardian who has been issued
               with a court order granting full or specific parental responsibilities and
               rights or legal guardianship of the learner.

      Proof of medical cover renewed annually for the period of study with a
      medical scheme registered in terms of the Medical Schemes Act.
      an undertaking by the parents or legal guardian that the learner will have
      medical cover for the full duration of the period of study
      Proof of sufficient financial means available to the learner whilst resident in
      the Republic.




                                   This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                       STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                No. 37679   107




Additional supaortina documents in respect of a treaty visa:
                                                                                              Attached
                                                                                              Yes      No
A letter from the relevant organ of state which is party to the treaty attesting
to-
(a) the nature of the programme;

(b)   participation of the foreigner in the specified programme;

(c)   the type of activities the foreigner is expected to perform and the
      duration thereof.
(d) Accommodation of the foreigner.
(e) Any other relevant details pertaining to the foreigner's stay in the
      Republic.
A written undertaking by the sending or receiving organ of state accepting
responsibility for the costs related to the deportation of the applicant and
his or her dependent family members, should it become necessary.




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
108     No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




  Additional supporting documents in support of a business visa
  In respect of a business visa by a foreigner who intends to establish a business or
  invest in a business that is not yet established in the Republic
                                                                                                   Attached

                                                                                                  Yes     No
      A certificate issued by a chartered accountant registered with the South
      African Institute of Chartered Accountants or a professional accountant
      registered with the South African Institute of Professional Accountants to
      the effect that-
      (a)   at   least an amount in cash to be invested in the Republic as
            determined from time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the
            Minister of Trade and Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is available; or
      (b)   at at least an amount in cash and a capital contribution as determined
            from time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the Minister of
            Trade and Industry, by notice in the Gazette is available.

      (c)   Undertaking by the applicant that at least 60% of the total staff
            compliment to be employed in the operations of the business shall be
            South African citizens or permanent residents employed permanently
            in various positions: Provided that proof of compliance with this
            undertaking shall be submitted within 12 months of issuance of the
            visa.
      An undertaking to register with the-
      (a) South African Revenue Service;
      (b) Unemployment Insurance Fund;
      (c)   Compensation Fund for Occupational Injuries and Diseases;

      (d) Companies and Intellectual Properties Commission (CPIC); where
            legally required, and
      (e)   Relevant professional body, board or council recognised by SAQA in
            terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework Act
            where applicable: Provided that upon registration, all certificates shall
            be submitted to the Director-General




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                       STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                   No. 37679   109




                                                                                               Attached

                                                                                              Yes       No

A letter of recommendation from the Department of Trade and Industry
regarding-
(a)    the feasibility of the business; and
(b)    the contribution to the national interest of the Republic

Additional supporting documents in respect of a business visa
In respect of a business visa by a foreigner who has established a business or invested
in an existing business in the Republic
                                                                                                Attached

                                                                                              Yes       No
A certificate issued by a chartered accountant registered with the South
African Institute of Chartered Accountants or a professional accountant
 registered with the South African Institute of Professional Accountants to the
effect that:
 (a) at least an amount in cash to be invested in the Republic as determined
       from time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the Minister of
       Trade and Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is available or already
       invested; or;
 (b) at least an amount in cash and a capital contribution as determined from
       time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the Minister of Trade
       and Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is available or already invested;
 (c)   proof that at least 60% of the total staff compliment employed in the
       operations of the business are e South African citizens or permanent
       residents employed permanently in various positions.




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
110     No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                     Attached

                                                                                                    Yes    No

      Proof of registration with the-
      (a)   South African Revenue Service;
      (b)   Unemployment Insurance Fund;

      (c)   Compensation Fund for Occupational Injuries and Diseases;
      (d)   Companies and Intellectual Properties Commission (CPIC), where
            legally required; and
      (e)   relevant professional body, board or council recognised by SAQA in
            terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework Act,
            where applicable.
      A letter of recommendation from the Department of Trade and Industry
      regarding -
      (a)   the feasibility of the business; and
      (b)   the contribution to the national interest of the Republic.

      A foreigner who invests or has invested in an existing business shall, in addition, submit-
      (a)   financial statement in respect of the preceding financial year; and
      (b)   proof of investment



      The applicant must, within 12 months of the visa being issued, submit to the
      Director-General a letter of confirmation from the Department of Labour,
            60% of the staff compliment employed in the operations of the business
      are South African citizens or permanent residents who are employed
      permanently in various positions.




                                This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                No. 37679   111




Additional supporting documents in respect of a medical treatment visa:
                                                                                             Attached
                                                                                             Yes      No
A letter from the applicant's registered medical practitioner or medical
 institution within the Republic, confirming-
(a)   that space is available at the medical institution;
(b)   the estimated costs of the treatment;

(c)   whether or not the disease or ailment is treatable or curable;
(d)   the treatment schedule; and
(e)   the period of intended treatment in the Republic.
The details of, and confirmation by, the person or institution responsible for
the medical expenses and hospital fees: Provided that in a case where the
applicant's medical scheme or employer is not liable for expenses incurred,
 proof of financial means to cover medical costs.
The particulars of the persons accompanying the applicant
A valid return air flight ticket, where applicable
 Proof of sufficient financial means or provision for the costs indirectly
 related to the treatment.



Additional supporting documents in respect of a relative's visa:
                                                                                             Attached
                                                                                             Yes      No
 Proof of kinship, within the second step, between the applicant and the
citizen or permanent resident in the form of-
 (a) An unabridged birth certificate; and
 (b) Where necessary, paternity test results.

The financial assurance contemplated in section 18(1) of the Act shall be
an amount, per person per month, as determined from time to time by the
 Minister by notice in the Gazette, to be proven by means of a current salary
advice or a certified bank statement not older than three months at the time
of application: Provided that the financial assurance shall not be required
where the South African citizen or permanent resident is a dependent child.
 Police clearance




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
112     No. 37679                          GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




  Additional supporting documents in respect of a general work visa:
                                                                                                        Attached

                                                                                                       Yes    No

      A written undertaking by the employer accepting responsibility for the costs
      related to the deportation of the applicant and his or her dependent family
      members, should it become necessary.
      A written undertaking by the employer to ensure that the passport of his or
      her employee is valid at all times for the duration of his or her employment
      A certificate by the Department of Labour confirming that-
      (a)    despite diligent search, the prospective employer has been unable to
             find a suitable citizen or permanent resident with qualifications or skills
             and experience equivalent to those of the applicant;
      (b) he applicant has qualifications or proven skills and experience in line
             with the job offer;

      (c)    the salary and benefits of the applicant are not inferior to the average
             salary and benefits of citizens or employees occupying similar positions
             in the Republic;
      (d) a contract of employment stipulating the conditions of employment and
             signed by both the employer and the applicant in line with the labour
             standards in the Republic and is made conditional upon the general
             work visa being approved;
      Proof of qualifications evaluated by SAQA and translated by a sworn
      translator into one of the official languages of the Republic; and


      Full   particulars of the employer, including, where applicable, proof of
      registration of the business with the Commission on Intellectual Property and
      Companies (CIPC).
      An undertaking by the employer to inform the Director-General should the
      applicant not comply with the provisions of the Act, or conditions of the visa.
      An undertaking by the employer to inform the Director-General upon the
      employee no longer being in the employ of such employer or when he or she
      is employed in a different capacity or role.




                                   This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                No. 37679   113




Additional supporting documents in respect of a critical skills work visa:
                                                                                            Attached
                                                                                            Yes      No
 A written undertaking by the employer accepting responsibility for the costs
 related to the deportation of the applicant and his or her dependent family
 members, should it become necessary.
 A written undertaking by the employer to ensure that the passport of his or
 her employee is valid at all times for the duration of his or her employment
 A confirmation, in writing, from the professional body, council or board
 recognised   by SAQA in terms            of section       13(1)(i) of the National
 Qualifications Framework Act,        or any relevant government Department
 confirming the skills or qualifications of the applicant and appropriate post
 qualification experience.
 If required by law, proof of application for a certificate of registration with
 the professional body, council or board recognised by SAQA in terms of
 section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework Act.
 Proof of evaluation of the foreign qualification by SAQA and translated by a
 sworn translator into one of the official languages of the Republic.




Additional supporting documents in respect of an intra-company transfer work visa:
                                                                                             Attached
                                                                                            Yes     No
 A written undertaking by the employer accepting responsibility for the costs
 related to the deportation of the applicant and his or her dependent family
 members, should it become necessary
 A written undertaking by the employer to ensure that the passport of his or
 her employee is valid at all times for the duration of his or her employment
 The foreigner's contract of employment with the company abroad valid for a
 period of not less than six months.
 Letter from the company abroad confirming that the applicant shall be
 transferred to a branch, subsidiary or an affiliate of that company in the
 Republic.




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
114     No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                   Attached
                                                                                                  Yes     No
      A letter from the branch, subsidiary or an affiliate in the Republic confirming
      the transfer of the foreigner and specifying the occupation and capacity in
      which the foreigner shall be employed.
      An undertaking from the employer that-
      (a)   the foreigner shall only be employed in the specific position for which
            the visa has been issued;
      (b) the foreigner will, at all times, comply with the provisions of the Act and
            conditions of his or her visa and undertakes to immediately notify the
            Director-General if the employee refuses to comply with the provisions
            of the Act or conditions of the visa; and

      (c)   A plan is developed for the transfer of skills to a South African citizen or
            permanent
      An undertaking from the branch, subsidiary or an affiliate in the Republic to
      reimburse the Department any costs incurred in relation to the deportation
      of the holder of an intra-company transfer work visa and any of his or her
      family members




  Additional supporting documents in respect of a retired person visa:
                                                                                                  Attached
                                                                                                  Yes      No
      The minimum monthly payment to a foreigner from a pension fund or an
      irrevocable retirement annuity or a net worth or a combination of assets
      realising the amount determined from time to time by the Minister by notice
      in the Gazette.




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                       STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                         No. 37679   115




     Additional supporting documents in respect of an exchange visa:
     In the case of a learning institution in the Republic in conjunction with a foreign
     learning institution or organ of foreign state organising or administering the
 exchange programme:
                                                                                                     Attached
                                                                                                     Yes      No
 Proof of a valid return air ticket or written undertaking by the organ of state,
 learning institution or employer accepting responsibility for the return or
 deportation costs of the applicant, as the case may be
 Proof of medical cover for the duration of the exchange period with a
 medical scheme registered in terms of the Medical Schemes Act
 A letter from the Department of Basic Education, or Higher Education and
 Training, or the learning institution in the Republic confirming that it is
 responsible     for   organising     or   administering       the    existence      of       the
 programme, outlining the activities, terms and conditions and duration
 thereof and accepting full responsibility for the student whilst he or she is in
 the Republic.
 A letter from the foreign state institution or                 education and training
 institution   confirming the particulars of the applicant, the applicant's
 enrolment with the foreign education and training institution abroad, and
 the date on which the programme shall commence.




Additional supporting documents in respect of an exchange visa:
In    the case of a programme of cultural, economic or social exchange, organised or
administered by an organ of state or a learning institution, in conjunction with a foreign
education and training institution or a foreign state institution:
                                                                                                     Attached

                                                                                                    Yes       No

 Proof of a valid return air ticket or written undertaking by the organ of state,
 learning institution or employer accepting responsibility for the return or
 deportation costs of the applicant, as the case may be.
 Proof of medical cover for the duration of the exchange period with a
 medical scheme registered in terms of the Medical Schemes Act




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
116     No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                  Attached

                                                                                                 Yes     No

      A letter from the organ of state or foreign education and training institution
      confirming the existence of the exchange programme; or


      A letter from the foreign learning institution confirming the enrolment of the
      applicant or the foreign state institution conducting the programme, as the
      case may be.




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679   117




                                                                                       (DHA-1739) Form 10




                                DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                   REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                        APPLICATION FOR RENEWAL OF EXISTING VISA

                                   [Section 10(7); Regulation 9(9)]


For official use only                           Track & Trace Ref No:                        BLOK:


Office of application                            File No:


Date received:                                   Date forwarded to Head Office:


Submission quality checked by:                   Date received at Head Office:               Remarks:




Passport checked and returned by                 Decision
                                                 Date.
Date:                                            Persal number:
Persal number:
Receipt no for fee paid




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
118    No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Conditions of visa / reason(s) for refusal:




      IMPORTANT:

      An application for the renewal of a visa must be submitted in person at least 60 days
      prior to the expiry date of the existing visa.



      PARTICULARS OF APPLICANT:
      Surname/Family name:                      First name(s):                                   Date of birth:


      Residential address in
      the Republic:



      Telephone No.:
      Home Telephone No.
      Cellphone No.:
      E-mail address:


      PASSPORT DETAILS:
      Passport number:                                        Issuing country:
      Date of issue:                                          Valid until:
      If you have any other identity document issued by your government, provide details:


      Type of document:                                       Number:
      Date of issue:                                          Expiry date:




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                        STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                        No. 37679   119




 DETAILS OF ORIGINAL VISA, AS ISSUED TO YOU PRIOR TO OR ON ARRIVAL IN
 SOUTH AFRICA:
 Date of entry:                                           Visa No:                         Type of visa




 Place of entry:                                          Date of expiry:
 Purpose of entry:


 DETAILS OF ANY SUBSEQUENT VISA ISSUED TO YOU, OR THE MOST RECENT
 RENEWAL THEREOF:
 Type of visa:                                                      Issued at:
 Date of issue/renewal:                                             Date of expiry:

A visa is required until                                                                       (date) for purposes
 of
                                                  (state reason(s) for request).


The relevant documents in support of your application for the renewal of an existing visa must
be attached.




DECLARATION BY APPLICANT


 I acknowledge that I understand the content of this application and solemnly declare that the
 above particulars provided by me are true and correct.




 Signature of applicant


 Signed at                                         on this         day of                            20




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
120   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS MUST ACCOMPANY AN APPLICATION FOR THE
      RENEWAL OF AN EXISTING VISA

      In respect of the renewal of a port of entry visa
                                                                                                  Attached

                                                                                                 Yes    No
        Valid passport which expires in no less than 30 days after expiry of the
        intended date of departure from the Republic.
        Proof of sufficient financial means.
        A valid return air flight ticket or proof of reservation thereof
        Where the applicant is attending an activity or event, a letter from the
        organisation under whose control the activity or event is taking place


      In respect of the renewal of a visitor's visa for a period not exceeding three months
                                                                                                  Attached

                                                                                                 Yes    No
        Valid passport which expires in no less than 30 days after expiry of the
        intended date of departure from the Republic
        A statement or documentation detailing the purpose and duration of the
        visit
        A valid return air flight ticket or proof of reservation thereof.
        Proof of sufficient financial means


      In respect of the renewal of a visitor's visa for a period exceeding three months
                                                                                                 Attached
                                                                                                 Yes      No
        Valid passport which expires in no less than 30 days after expiry of the
        intended date of departure from the Republic
       A medical report.
       A radiological report.
        Proof of a valid air flight ticket or proof of reservation thereof.
        Proof of sufficient financial means.
       A South African Police Clearance certificate where the applicant has
        been resident in the Republic for 12 months and longer




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679   121




                                                                                              Attached
                                                                                              Yes      No
In respect of an application by a person who is the spouse or dependent
child of the holder of a visa issued in terms of section 11, 13, 14, 15, 17,
18, 19, 20 or 22 of the Act, a certified copy of such holder's visa and a
written undertaking of financial responsibility for the applicant.
In respect a teacher at an international school, a contract of employment
signed by the employer and the applicant and a written undertaking of
financial responsibility for the applicant.
In   respect of a person involved in the production                      of a film       or
advertisement in the Republic, documentation confirming such production
and the duration thereof.
In respect of a foreign journalist seconded to the Republic by a foreign
news agency, documentation confirming such secondment and the
duration thereof.
In respect of a visiting professor or lecturer, an invitation from the host in
the Republic.
In respect of artists who wish to write, paint or sculpt, a portfolio of his or
her previous work.
In respect of a person involved in the entertainment industry who are
travelling through the Republic to perform, confirmation thereof by the
host in The Republic.
In respect of a tour leader or host of a tour, a contract of employment
signed by the employer and the applicant and a written undertaking of
financial responsibility for the applicant.
In respect of a foreigner who is required to stay in the Republic in order to
testify as a state witness in a criminal court case, a written request signed
by the Deputy Director of Public Prosecutions.




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
122     No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




  In respect of the renewal of a study visa:
      An official letter from the Registrar or Principal of the learning institution confirming that the
      applicant is required to extend his or her period of study and the duration of such study.


      An undertaking by the Registrar or Principal of the learning institution to
      (a)   In the event of failure to register by the closing date, provide the Director-General with a
            notification of failure to register within 7 days of the closing date of registration;
      (b)   within 30 days, notify the Director-General that the applicant is no longer registered with
            such institution; and
      (c)   within 30 days, notify the Director-General when the student has completed his or her
            studies.

      In the case of a minor (i.e. a person under 18):
      (a)   proof of physical address -and contact number of the adult person residing in the
            Republic, who is acting or has accepted to act as such learner's guardian, including a
            confirmatory letter from that guardian; and
      (b)   proof of consent for the intended stay from both parents or, where applicable, from the
            parent or legal guardian, who has been issued with a court order granting full or specific
            parental responsibilities and rights or legal guardianship of the learner.


      In the case of a foreign state accepting responsibility for the applicant in terms of a bilateral
      agreement, a written undertaking from such foreign state to pay for the departure of the
      applicant.
      Proof of medical cover with a medical scheme registered in terms of the Medical Schemes
      Act, 1998 (Act No 131 of 1998).
      an undertaking by the parents or legal guardian that the learner will have medical cover for
      the full duration of the period of study
      Proof of sufficient financial means.                                                         .




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                         STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                   No. 37679   123




In respect of the renewal of a treaty visa:
                                                                                                 Attached
                                                                                                Yes       No
 A letter from the organ of state which is party to the treaty attesting to-
 (a) the nature of the programme;
 (b) continued participation of the foreigner in the programme; and
 (c) the type of activities the foreigner is expected to continue to perform
       and the duration thereof.
 (d) accommodation of the foreigner; and
 (e) any other relevant details pertaining to the foreigner's stay in the
       Republic.
 A written undertaking by the sending or receiving organ of state accepting
 responsibility for the costs related to the deportation of the applicant and
 his or her dependent family members, should it become necessary.


In respect of the renewal of a business visa
                                                                                                 Attached

                                                                                                Yes        No
 A certificate issued by a chartered accountant registered with the South
 African Institute of Chartered Accountants or a professional accountant
 registered with the South African Institute of Professional Accountants to
 the effect that-
 (a)   the original cash investment into the book value of the business is still
       so invested;
 (b)   a letter of confirmation from the Department of Labour that at least
       60% of the total staff compliment employed in the operations of the
       business are citizens or permanent residents employed permanently in
       various positions.




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
124     No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                          Attached

                                                                                                         Yes     No
      (a) Tax clearance certificate issued by the South African Revenue Service
            from the date on which the business became operational;

      (b)   Proof of contributions made to the Unemployment Insurance Fund;
      (c)   Proof   of   contributions    made      to    the    Compensation         Fund         for
            Occupational Injuries and Diseases;
      (d)   Proof of registration with Companies and Intellectual Properties
            Commission (CPIC); and
      (e)   Proof of registration with the professional body, board or council
            recognised by SAQA in terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National
            Qualifications Framework Act.
      A letter of recommendation from the Department of Trade and Industry
      regarding-
      (a)   the continued feasibility of the business; and

      (b)   the contribution to the national interest of the Republic
      Financial statement in respect of the preceding financial year
      A letter of confirmation from the Department of Labour that 60% of the staff
      compliment employed in the operations of the business are still South
      African citizens or permanent residents who are employed permanently


  In respect of the renewal of a medical treatment visa:
                                                                                                          Attached
                                                                                                         Yes       No
      A letter from the applicant's registered medical practitioner or medical
      institution within the Republic, confirming-
      (a)   That space is still available at the medical institution for the continued
            treatment of the applicant;

      (b) The estimated costs of the continued treatment; and
      (c)   The treatment schedule and period and details of the continued
            treatment in the Republic.




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                   No. 37679   125




                                                                                              Attached
                                                                                             Yes       No
 Details of, and confirmation by, the person or institution responsible for the
 medical expenses and hospital fees: Provided that in the case where a
 applicant's medical scheme or employer is not liable for expenses incurred,
 proof of financial means to cover medical costs.
 The particulars of the persons accompanying the applicant
 A valid return air flight ticket, where applicable
 Proof of sufficient financial means or provision for the costs indirectly
 related to the treatment.




In respect of the renewal of a relative's visa:
                                                                                              Attached
                                                                                             Yes       No
 Proof of kinship, within the second step, between the applicant and the
 citizen or permanent resident in the form                 of an unabridged birth
 certificate.
 The financial assurance per month, per person, as determined from time to
 time by the Minister by notice in the Gazette, to be proven by means of a
 current salary advice or a certified bank statement not older than three
 months at the time of application: Provided that the financial assurance
 shall not be required where the South African citizen or permanent resident
 is a dependent child.
 Police clearance




In respect of the renewal of a general work visa:
                                                                                              Attached

                                                                                             Yes        No

 A written undertaking by the employer accepting responsibility for the costs
 related to the deportation of the applicant and his or her dependent family
 members, should it become necessary.




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
126     No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                    Attached

                                                                                                   Yes     No
      A written undertaking by the employer to ensure that the passport of his or
      her employee is valid at all times for the duration of his or her employment
      A certificate by the Department of Labour confirming that-
      (a) The applicant continues to be employed in line with the labour
            standards;

      (b) A contract of employment stipulating the conditions of employment and
            signed by both the employer and the applicant; and
      (c)   Full particulars of the employer, including, where applicable, proof of
            registration of the business with the Commission on Intellectual
            Property and Companies (CIPC).
      An undertaking by the employer to inform the Director-General should the
      applicant not comply with the Act, or is no longer in the employ of such
      employer, or is employed in a different capacity or role.
      If required by law, proof of registration with the professional body, council
      or board recognised by SAQA in terms of section 13(1)(1) of the National
      Qualifications Framework Act


  In respect of the renewal of a critical skills work visa:
                                                                                                    Attached
                                                                                                   Yes       No
      A written undertaking by the employer accepting responsibility for the costs
      related to the deportation of the applicant and his or her dependent family
      members, should it become necessary
      A written undertaking by the employer to ensure that the passport of his or
      her employee is valid at all times for the duration of his or her employment
      A copy of the existing critical skills visa as proof that the applicant still falls
      within the critical skills category.
      If required by law, proof of registration with the professional body, council
      or board recognised by SAQA in terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National
      Qualifications Framework Act




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                               No. 37679   127




In respect of the renewal of a retired person visa:
                                                                                             Attached
                                                                                            Yes       No
 Proof of payment to the applicant from a pension fund or an irrevocable
 retirement annuity or a net worth or a combination of assets realising the
 minimum amount per month as determined from time to time by the
 Minister by notice in the Gazette.




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
128   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                               (DHA-84) Form 11




                                    DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                     REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                   APPLICATION FOR PORT OF ENTRY VISA OR TRANSIT VISA
                   [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 10A and 10B; Regulation 8(1)]


      NB: A SEPARATE APPLICATION FORM MUST BE COMPLETED IN RESPECT OF
      EACH ACCOMPANYING FAMILY MEMBER.

 PERSONAL PARTICULARS

  Surname:


  First names (in full):


  Maiden name:


  Previous surname(s):


  Date of birth:
                                Y      YY\M MDD                                      Country of birth:



  Gender (write in full)


                                                           If acquired by naturalisation, state original
  Nationality:                                             nationality:


  Where and when was present nationality obtained:




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                 No. 37679   129




Passport/Travel Document Number:                       Issuing authority:

                                                       Date of expiry:


Type of document:
Diplomatic/Official/Ordinary Passport/ Travel
document/other (specify)




 Permanent residential address in country of normal residence




 Period resident at this address:

 Country of permanent residence:                       Telephone number: (                   )


                                                       Home telephone No

                                                       Cellphone No

                                                       E-mail address.




Period resident in that country:



Occupation or profession:


Name of Employer, University Organisation.
Address:


Telephone No                                          Fax No




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
130    No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




  If self-employed, state name, address, telephone no. and nature of business:

 Name of business:
 Address:
 Telephone No                                                 Fax No.:


  Marital status:     Never              Married             Widowed               Separated     Divorced
                      married

  First name(s) of spouse:

  Maiden name

  Date and place of
  marriage
                         Y      Y   Y     Y       M     N/    D          D

  Date of birth of                                                              Nationality
  spouse:                                                                       ....

 VISIT TO SOUTH AFRICA

  Expected date of arrival in the Republic: YY                                MM                        DD.


  Place of arrival.                                          Purpose of visit:
  Duration of stay (months, weeks or days)
  Number of entries required:
      Single
      Two
       Multiple


  Proposed residential address (physical) in the Republic, including the full name(s) of your host or
  hotel:
      Residential (physical) Address in the Republic:




  Name of Host or Hotel:
      Telephone of Host or Hotel:




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                   No. 37679   131




  Names of Organisations or persons you will be contacting during your stay in the Republic:

  Name                                            Address                                    Relationship




Identity document number or permanent residence permit number of South African host, where
applicable:
 Indicate by means of an X whichever is applicable
 Have you at any time applied for a permit to settle permanently in the                      Yes       No
 Republic?
 Have you ever been restricted or refused entry into the Republic?                           Yes       No
 Have you ever been deported from or ordered to leave the Republic?                          Yes       No

 Have you ever been convicted of any crime in any country?                                   Yes       No
 Is a criminal action pending against you in any country?                                    Yes       No
 Are you an unrehabilitated insolvent?                                                       Yes       No
 Are you suffering from tuberculosis or any other infectious or contagious                   Yes       No
 disease or any mental or physical deficiency?
 Have you ever been judicially declared incompetent?                                         Yes       No
 Are you a member of, or adherent to an association or organisation                          Yes       No




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
132   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




 advocating the practice of social violence or racial hatred or are you or have
 you been a member of an organisation or association utilizing crime or
 terrorism to pursue its ends?
 Give particulars if reply to any of the questions above is in the affirmative:




 In the case of an official visit, submission of a Note Verbale.

 In the case of a diplomat placed in the Republic, proof of placement.

 To be completed only by passengers in transit to another country:

 Destination after leaving the Republic:

 Mode of travel to destination:

 Intended date and port of departure from the Republic to that destination:

 Do you hold a visa or permit for temporary or permanent residence in the country of your
 destination? (Proof must be submitted)




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                  No. 37679   133




I

     (surname and name of applicant) declare that
     the above details provided by me are true in substance and in fact and that I fully
     understand the meaning thereof;
     I understand that should my port of entry visa / transit visa / visitor's visa be approved, I
     would not be allowed to change my purpose of visit whilst in the Republic;
     I understand that if I need to extend my stay in the Republic for whatever reason, that
     such an application will only be accepted if it is submitted at least 30 days prior to the
     expiry date of my current visa; and
     I understand that if I depart from the Republic after the expiry date of my visa, that I
     would be declared an undesirable person and that I would not qualify for a visa or
     admission into the Republic for a period of at least



Signature of applicant                                                           Date



                                            FOR OFFICIAL USE

Approved/not approved by                   Type of visa:                        Reasons for decision:


on




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
134    No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




DOCUMENTATION TO BE SUBMITTED IN SUPPORT OF A VISA NOT EXCEEDING A
PERIOD OF THREE MONTHS

                                                                                                   Attached

                                                                                                  Yes     No
      Valid passport which expires in no less than 30 days after expiry of the
      intended date of departure from the Republic
      Proof of sufficient financial means
      Proof of a valid return or onward ticket or purchase of ticket.
      Documentation outlining the purpose and duration of the visit, or a written
      invitation by the host(s) in the Republic, as the case may be.
      Where the applicant is attending an activity or event, a letter from the
      organisation under whose control the activity or event is taking place,
      confirming such attendance and whether or not the foreigner will be
      remunerated, and if remunerated, the amount of the remuneration
      In respect of a dependent child accompanying the applicant to or joining the
      applicant in the Republic-
      (a) proof of consent from one or both parents or legal guardian, as the
            case may be, in the form of a letter or affidavit;
      (b) Where applicable, a copy of a court order granting the applicant
            parental responsibilities and rights in respect of the child;
      (c)   A letter from the person who is to receive the child in the Republic,
           containing his or her residential address in the Republic where the child
           will be residing;
      (d) A copy of the identity document or valid passport and visa or permanent
            residence permit of the person who is to receive the child in the
           Republic; and
      (e) The contact details of the parents or legal guardian.




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                        STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                              No. 37679   135




                                                                                                Attached

                                                                                               Yes     No
In respect of medical treatment for a period not exceeding three months-
 (a) A letter from the applicant's registered medical practitioner or medical
      institution within the Republic, confirming-
      (i) that space is available at the medical institution;
      (ii) the estimated costs of the treatment;
      (iii) whether or not the disease or ailment is curable;

             (iv) treatment schedule; and
             (v) the period of intended treatment in the Republic.
 (b)         Details of the person or institution responsible for the medical
         expenses and hospital fees: Provided that in the case where the
         applicant's medical scheme or employer is not liable for expenses
         incurred, proof of financial means to cover the medical costs.
 (c)     The particulars of the persons accompanying the applicant
 (d)     A valid return air flight ticket, where applicable
 (e)     Proof of sufficient financial means or provision for the costs indirectly
         related to the treatment.

In respect of studies for a period not exceeding three months-

(a) An undertaking by the Registrar or Principal of the learning institution
       to-
       (i)       provide proof of registration of the learning institution as
                contemplated in the relevant legislation, within 60 days of
                registration;
       (ii)     in the event of failure to register by the closing date, provide the
                Director-General with a notification of failure to register within 7
                days of the closing days of registration;
       (iii)    within 30 days, notify the Director-General that the applicant is no
                longer registered with such institution; and
       (iv)     within 30 days, notify the Director-General when the applicant has
                completed his or her studies or requires to extend such period of
                study.




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
136    No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                    Attached

                                                                                                   Yes     No
      In respect of short-term work to be undertaken in the Republic, a letter from
      the employer stipulating-
      (a)   the purpose or necessity of the work
      (b)   the nature of the work;
      (c)   qualification and skills required for the work;
      (d)   the duration of the work;
      (e)   the place of work
      (f)   duration of the visit;
      (g)   proof of remuneration or stipend that the foreigner will receive from the
            employer; and
      (h)   identity and contact details of the prospective employer or relevant
            contact person from the host institution.

DOCUMENTATION TO BE SUBMITTED IN SUPPORT OF A VISITOR'S VISA APPLICATION
FOR A PERIOD EXCEEDING THREE MONTHS

                                                                                                    Attached
                                                                                                   Yes       No
  Valid passport which expires in no less than 30 days after expiry of the
  intended date of departure from the Republic
  A yellow fever vaccination certificate, where applicable.
  A medical report.
  A radiological report.
  Marriage certificate or in the case of a foreign spousal relationship, proof of
  official recognition thereof issued by the authorities of the country concerned,
  If available.
  The affidavit where a spousal relationship to a South African citizen or
  resident is applicable, as well as documentation proving cohabitation and the
  extent to which the related financial responsibilities are shared by the parties
  and setting out the particulars of children in the spousal relationship.
  Divorce decree, where applicable.
  Court order granting full or specific parental responsibilities and rights, where
  applicable.
  Death certificate, in respect of late spouse, where applicable.
  Written consent from both parents and court order granting full parental
  responsibilities and rights parent, where applicable.




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                              No. 37679   137




                                                                                              Attached
                                                                                             Yes       No
Proof of legal adoption where applicable.
Legal separation order, where applicable.
Police clearance certificates in respect of applicants 18 years and older, in
respect of all countries where person resided one year or longer since having
attained the age of 18.
A yellow fever vaccination certificate, where applicable.
Proof of academic sabbatical, where applicable.
Proof of voluntary or charitable activities to be undertaken, where applicable
Proof of research to be undertaken, where applicable
In respect of an application by a person who is the spouse or dependent child
of the holder of a visa issued in terms of section 11, 13, 14, 15, 17, 18, 19, 20
or 22 of the Act, a certified copy of such holder's visa and a written
undertaking of financial responsibility for the applicant.
In respect a teacher at an international school, a contract of employment
signed by the employer and the applicant and a written undertaking of
financial responsibility for the applicant.
In respect of a person involved in the production of a film or advertisement in
the Republic, documentation confirming such production and the duration
thereof.
In respect of a foreign journalist seconded to the Republic by a foreign news
agency, documentation confirming such secondment and the duration thereof.
In respect of a visiting professor or lecturer, an invitation from the host in the
Republic.
In   respect of artists who wish to write, paint or sculpt, documentation
confirming the activity to be undertaken and the duration thereof.
In respect of a person involved in the entertainment industry who would be
travelling through the Republic to perform, confirmation thereof by the host in
the Republic
In respect of a tour leader or host of a tour, a contract of employment signed
by the employer and the applicant and a written undertaking of financial
responsibility for the applicant.




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
138   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                         (DHA-1712A) Form 12




                                                        =SW
                                    DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                       REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

              AFFIDAVIT IN RESPECT OF PARTIES TO PERMANENT HOMOSEXUAL OR
                                     HETEROSEXUAL RELATIONSHIP
             [Section 7(1)(g), read with sections 11(6) and 26(b); Regulations 3(2) and (4)]


                                                        PART A

                      TO BE COMPLETED IN THE CASE OF INITIAL APPLICATION:


      Particulars of citizen / permanent resident / foreigner*
                                                                       Gender:
       Surname:

       First name(s).

       Residential address:




       Identity No.

       Or:
       Passport No.:                     Nationality:                              Date of birth:
       Date of first entry into the Republic:                                    Type of permit:
       Date of expiry of permit:


       Particulars of foreigner

       Surname:                                                        Gender:




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679     139




 First name(s):


 Residential address:
 Passport No:                      Date of birth:                         Place of birth:
 Nationality:                                      Date of first entry into the Republic:
 Type of visa / permit held:                                 Date of expiry:


                                                                                  (first
name(s)     and     surname)    being    an    *unmarried/divorced/widowed      person
and                                               (first name(s) and surname) being an
*unmarried/divorced/widowed person do hereby *make oath and say/hereby solemnly affirm
that we are parties to a *homosexual/heterosexual spousal relationship for the past
years          months which is intended to be permanent and to the exclusion of any other
person from our relationship. Our relationship involves cohabitation and a reciprocal
obligation to support one another emotionally and financially. Neither of us are party to a
marriage or spousal relationship with any other person.

To substantiate our relationship we attach documentation proving cohabitation and the
extent to which the related financial responsibilities are shared by us.

We are the parents of the following children:
Name of child          Date of birth       Name of mother of child                   Name of father of child




We agree to submit an affidavit confirming the existence of our relationship after two years
from the date of issue of the visa or permit and undertake to inform the Director-General in
writing as soon as our spousal relationship cease to exist


Signature of citizen/ permanent resident Signature of foreign spouse
or foreigner

Thus signed and *sworn/solemnly affirmed before me on this                                          day of
                                             20.

                                                                                 OFFICE STAMP
Commissioner of Oaths
First name(s):
Surname:
Capacity:




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
140   No. 37679                 GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Place:
      *Delete which is not applicable




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                  No. 37679   141




                                                                                      DHA-1712A) Form 12




                               DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                  REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

        AFFIDAVIT IN RESPECT OF PARTIES TO PERMANENT HOMOSEXUAL OR
                                HETEROSEXUAL RELATIONSHIP
       [Section 7(1)(g), read with sections 11(6) and 26(b); Regulations 3(2) and (4)]

                                                  PART B

     TO BE COMPLETED IN ORDER TO DEMONSTRATE THAT THE SPOUSAL
 RELATIONSHIP CONTINUES TO EXIST TWO YEARS AFTER THE ISSUANCE OF THE
                            VISA OR PERMIT

Particulars of *citizen/permanent resident/foreigner on a temporary residence permit

 Surname:                                                                Gender:



 First name(s):
 Residential address:



 Identity No



 Or:
 Passport No:                    Nationality:                           Date of birth:
 Date of first entry into the Republic:                           Type of permit:
 Date of expiry:




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
142   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Particulars of foreigner

           Surname:                                                             Gender:

           First name(s):
           Residential address:

           Passport No:                 Date of birth:                       Place of Birth:
           Nationality:                      Date of first entry into the Republic:                               Type
           of permit held:                             Date of expiry:

      I,                                                                          (name and surname) being an
      *unmarried/divorced/widowed person and
      (name and surname) being an *unmarried/divorced/widowed person do hereby *make oath
      and say/hereby solemnly affirm that on                            (date) we deposed to an
      affidavit confirming that we are parties to a spousal relationship. We are not married and
      the spousal relationship mentioned in the preceding paragraph still subsists with all the
      characteristics mentioned in Part A of this Form.

      We are the parents of the following children:



      Name of child          Date of birth        Name of mother of child               Name of father of child




                 Signature of spouse                                                     Signature of spouse

      Thus signed and *sworn/solemnly affirmed before me on this .... day of                              20




                 Commissioner of Oaths

      First name(s):
      Surname:
      Capacity:
      Place:
      *Delete which is not applicable




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                  No. 37679    143




                                                                                      (DHA-1743) Form 13




                               DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                             APPLICATION FOR CORPORATE VISA
                  [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 21; Regulation 20(1)]

For official use only

 Office:                                                     BLOK:

 Date received:                                              File No.:

 Application received and checked for compliance on              /          /                      (date)
 by                                            (initials and surname). Persal

 Application fee: R                                          Receipt no.


 Application processed on .../ ...... /.... (date) by
 (initials and surname). Persal No                                   Appointment no.
 Recommendation:

 Decision:


 Reason(s) for decision:




 Number of corporate worker authorisation certificates authorised:

Note: Form to be completed in full and fields marked (*) are compulsory and should
      the information not be provided, the application will not be considered.

BACKGROUND DETAILS OF CORPORATE APPLICANT TO EMPLOY FOREIGNERS




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
144   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




       Name of Company:

       *Registration No                                      *Tax reference number.

       Contact person:
       Name and surname
       Identity No.                             Capacity.
       Cell phone No                     Tel No                                      Fax No
       E-mail address.
       Residential address (not work address).

       Company's physical address:                           Company's postal address:




       If a subsidiary, name of principal company and its physical address.



       Nature of business conducted:                       Total no. of workers employed currently:


                                                           Citizens (              ) and Foreigners (           )
       THE ABOVE-MENTIONED COMPANY OR ORGANISATION HEREBY APPLIES FOR A
       CORPORATE VISA TO EMPLOY FOREIGNERS

       Type of position.                                                              No of workers required.

       Type of position.                                                              No of workers required.

       Type of position.                                                              No of workers required.




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679       145




REQUIREMENTS
(a) Proof of the need to employ the requested                   Yes     No     Comments:
     number of foreigners;
(b) A certificate by the Department of Labour
      confirming-
      (i)    that   despite     diligent    search,      the
             corporate applicant was unable to
             find suitable citizens or permanent
             residents to occupy the position
             available in the corporate entity;
      (ii)   The job description and proposed
             remuneration       in   respect     of    each
             foreigner;
(c)   That the salary and benefits of any
      foreigner employed by the corporate
      applicant shall not be inferior to the salary
      and benefits of citizens or permanent
      residents occupying similar positions                in
      the Republic;
(d) a certificate by the Department of Trade
      and Industry;
(e) proof of registration with the-
      (i)    South African Revenue Service;
      (ii) Unemployment Insurance Fund;
      (iii) Compensation Fund for Occupational
            Injuries and Diseases; and
      (iv) Companies and Intellectual Properties
             Commission (CIPC), where legally
             required;
An undertaking by the employer to inform the Yes                        No     Comments:
Director-General should any employee not
comply with the provisions of the Act or visa
conditions or is no longer in the employ of
such employer or is employed in a different                                                              .



capacity or role
 A written undertaking               by    the   corporate      Yes     No
applicant to pay the deportation costs of any
foreign employee accepting responsibility for
the return costs related to the deportation of
the foreign employee, should it be necessary.




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
146   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




       Proof, by the corporate applicant, that at least
       60% of the total staff complement that are
       employed in the operations of the business are
       citizens or permanent residents employed
       permanently in various positions
       Pro forma type of employment contract (to be             Yes      No
       certified for adherence to basic conditions of
       employment).




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                       No. 37679   147




UNDERTAKING BY CORPORATE APPLICANT
I,                                                                                       (name(s) and surname)
with identity number                             ,   in my capacity as
of the abovementioned company, undertake to abide by the terms and conditions of the visa
should it be issued to me and to comply with the provisions and objectives of the Act.


I solemnly declare that I am authorised to make this application and to accept the obligations
it involves on behalf of the aforesaid company.


I declare that the information contained in this application is true and correct and undertake
to-
     (a) accept full responsibility for the foreigners to be employed;
     (b) Ensure that the passport of the foreigner is valid at all times;
     (c) inform the Department if any such foreigner is no longer in compliance with the Act,
         no longer employed by the company or employed is in a different capacity, prior to
         occupying such different capacity;
     (d) ensure that such foreigner departs from the Republic upon completion of his or her
         contract of employment .


I declare that none of the foreigners to be employed are not presently in the Republic and
are not prohibited persons in terms of the Act.


I understand that the corporate visa issued to me may be terminated in case of breach of this
undertaking and any other conditions not complied with.



Signature

Signed at                                    on this           day of                               20




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
148   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                           (DHA-1718) Form 14




                                     DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                       REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                                CORPORATE VISA
                     [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 21(1); Regulation 20(4)(a)]


      Departmental reference number.


      Name of corporate visa holder
      Company's physical address:                           Contact person:
                                                            Initials and surname
                                                            Capacity
                                                            Cell phone No
                                                            Tel No
                                                            Fax No
                                                            E-mail address.

      In terms of section 21 of the Act, the above-named corporate visa holder is hereby
      authorised to issue a total of                    corporate worker authorisation certificates.




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679     149




FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
Period of validity (in line Authorisation certificate
with regulation 20(5)(a)    numbers

                                                                    Signature of issuing officer

                                                                    Appointment No


                                                                    Date:


Employment requirements
Type of position                            *Duration                  Number of workers
Type of position                            *Duration                  Number of workers
Type of position                            *Duration                  Number of workers
Type of position                            *Duration                  Number of workers

The duration of employment commences on the date of the worker's first entry into the
Republic and relates to the period this visa is in force. This visa cannot be used to employ
subsequent workers after having employed the specified number. Furthermore, the period of
validity of the worker authorisation certificates will be in line with the validity period of this
visa.


*In the case of seasonal workers, such workers may be employed from                                       to
                   (date).


*In the case of workers employed in accordance with an agreement with a foreign state
referred to in section 21(4)(b) of the Act, those workers must be citizens of the Republic of
                                   (country)


The abovementioned worker(s) must be admitted at                                                    port of
entry.




For Director-General                      Date
                                                                                         Official stamp
*Delete which is not applicable




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
150   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                            (DHA-1733) Form 15




                                      DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                        REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                      CORPORATE WORKER AUTHORISATION CERTIFICATE
                                     [Section 7(1)(g); Regulation 20(4)(b)]


      CERTIFICATE NO.:

      This authorisation entitles the following foreign national, hereinafter referred to as the
      CORPORATE WORKER, to approach the South African Mission/South African Department
      of Home Affairs with a contract of employment signed by both parties, to obtain a corporate
      worker certificate valid for                              years (period linked to validity of corporate
      visa), from                                          to                      as a corporate worker to be
      employed by                                                                    ,   hereinafter referred to as
      the CORPORATE EMPLOYER.


      Details of corporate worker
      First Names:
      Surname:                                                  Date of birth:
      Gender                                                    Passport No
      Nationality                                               Country of birth
      Telephone No                                              Cell phone No
      Current occupation:
      Occupation with Corporate Employer




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                         STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679   151




Details of Corporate Employer
Contact person:
Telephone No                                                   Cell
phone.
Position-
         Division.
Signature.                                                     Date.


On receipt of a corporate worker certificate the CORPORATE WORKER shall return this
authorisation certificate to the CORPORATE EMPLOYER for safekeeping with the
CORPORATE WORKER'S employment records.


The validity of this authorisation certificate is subject to the following conditions:
(a)      The corporate worker is authorised to work only for the corporate employer within the
         company mentioned in the corporate visa and not any other corporate employer, and
         the corporate worker is not authorised to engage in any other form of employment or
         self-employment;
(b)      the corporate employer and corporate worker undertake to ensure that the corporate
         worker is at all times in possession of a valid passport in accordance with regulation
         2, which is not less than 30 days after the period of the intended stay;
(c)      the corporate employer undertakes to immediately notify the Department if the
         employer has reason to believe that the corporate worker is no longer in compliance
         with section 21 (1)(a)(i) of the Act or when the corporate worker has left its employ;
(d)      the corporate employer ensures the departure of the corporate worker from the
         Republic on completion of his or her tour of duty;
(e)      the corporate authorisation certificate cannot be exchanged for or used to employ
         another corporate worker once it is issued to a specific individual; and
(f)      the corporate worker employed in terms of an inter-governmental agreement or for
         seasonal labour may not renew his or her corporate worker certificate or apply for a
         change of status in the Republic.




                                                                                                Official stamp




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
152   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      DIRECTOR-GENERAL
      Notification to Department upon termination of employment contract
      To:     Director-General
              Department of Home Affairs


      It   is hereby confirmed that the CORPORATE WORKER,
                                                                                  (name and surname),         with
      passport no.                           and authorisation certificate no.
      *(a)    has departed from the Republic;
      *(b)    has changed his or her status or is no longer in compliance with the Act because




      *(c)    is unfit for duty for the remainder of the period of the employment contract; or
      *(d)    is deceased.




      Signature of Corporate Employer                       Place                        Date


      Surname:
      Name(s)
      Designation.                                                                  Official stamp of Corporate
                                                                                                 Employer




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                  No. 37679   153




                                                                                      (DHA-1758) Form 16




                               DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                  REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


       PROGRESS REPORT BY ORGAN OF STATE OR LEARNING INSTITUTION
                            REGARDING EXCHANGE PROGRAMME
                [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 22(a); Regulation 21(3)]


Name of Organ of State/ Learning Institution:
Business address of Organ of State/Learning Institution:


Telephone no                                                   Fax no.:
                                         Contact person:
       Designation:


I hereby report that the exchange programme *has been completed/is ongoing.


During the calendar year of                                          (year),                    (number)
foreigners participated in the programme in the Republic.


Note: Details regarding the name(s) and surname, date of birth and passport number of the
foreigner, the type of programme attended by the foreigner and the country from which the
foreigner lodged his or her application, should be provided on a separate page.


Note: Attach proof of medical cover in the Republic.


During the year the following foreign participants failed to complete the exchange
programme:




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
154   No. 37679                  GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Name                                          Date of birth                  Passport No.




      The reasons for the failure to complete the exchange programme are as follows (provide
      reason for each person):
      Surname and initials         Reason(s)




      Signature of designated person                                        Date




      (Rank/Designation)




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                      No. 37679   155




                                                                                            (DHA-1732) Form 17




                                  DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                    REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                                         ASYLUM TRANSIT VISA
                      [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 23(1); Regulation 22]


To be completed at a Port of Entry or any other place designated by the Director-
General by a person who declares his or her intention to apply for asylum in terms of
the Refugees Act, 1998. To be completed in black ink with BLOCK LETTERS


PART A


PERSONAL DETAILS OF APPLICANT


Surname/ Family name
Name(s) in full


Date of Birth                     CC           Y        Y      M      M      D      D

Passport No.                                                                                      (Where
                                                                                                 applicable)
Identity No.                                                                                      (Where
                                                                                                 applicable)
Sex (write in full)
Country of Birth
Province
Place of Birth
Current Nationality




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
156   No. 37679                             GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Previous nationality(ies)
      (Where applicable):
      Ethnic Group
      Language spoken
      Level of fluency in English
      Read      (please        tick   the          Good                 Fair                Poor
      appropriate box)
      Write     (please tick          the          Good                 Fair                Poor
      appropriate box)
      Other              Languages
      (a)


      (b)

      Religion
      Marital status (please tick                  Single               Married                          Divorced
      the appropriate box)                         Widow                Widower
      Type        of       Marriage:               Civil Union                 Religious              Customary
      (please           tick          the    Other (specify)
      appropriate box)
      Number of spouses
      Occupation/Profession
      Residential              address
      during the last year


      Address in the RSA




      Contact          details        of
      person in RSA
      Surname/ Family name
      Name(s) in full
      Contact                   number




                                  This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                 No. 37679   157




(personal, if any)
Contact details of person
in RSA
Details    of    dependants
(below 18 years of age
accompanying applicant)
Dependant 1
Surname/ Family name
Narne(s) in full


Date of Birth                   CC           Y        Y      M      M      D       D

Passport No.                                                                              (Where
                                                                                          applicable)
Identity No.                                                                              (Where
                                                                                          applicable)
Sex (write in full)
Country of Birth
Province
Place of Birth
Current Nationality
Dependant 2
Surname/ Family name
Name(s) in full


Date of Birth                   CC           Y        Y      M      M      D      D

Passport No.                                                                              (Where
                                                                                          applicable)
Identity No.                                                                              (Where
                                                                                          applicable)
Sex (write in full)
Country of Birth
Province
Place of Birth




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
158   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Current Nationality
      Dependant 3
      Surname/ Family name
      Name(s) in full


      Date of Birth                   CC           Y       Y       M      M      D      D

      Passport No.                                                                              (Where
                                                                                                applicable)
      Identity No.                                                                              (Where
                                                                                                applicable)
      Sex (write in full)
      Country of Birth
      Province
      Place of Birth
      Current Nationality
      Dependant 4
      Surname/ Family name
      Name(s) in full


      Date of Birth                   CC           Y       Y      M       M      D      D

      Passport No.                                                                              (Where
                                                                                                applicable)
      Identity No.                                                                              (Where
                                                                                                applicable)
      Sex (write in full)
      Country of Birth
      Province
      Place of Birth
      Current Nationality




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                      No. 37679    159




                                                    PART B


                                    DECLARATION BY APPLICANT


I, the undersigned Surname/Family Name
(first name (s)
Declare that
    I am seeking asylum in the Republic; and
    I *have/have not previously applied for asylum in the Republic.
    I   understand that if I have made a false statement I shall be guilty of an offence and
   liable on conviction to a fine or imprisonment.
    I   understand that     I   must report to a designated Refugee Reception Office within 5
   working days to submit my application for asylum, that my visa to report to a Refugee
    Reception Office may not be renewed and that upon expiry thereof,                       I   shall become an
   illegal foreigner.




Signature of applicant                                                   Date




Left thumb print                                                                Photograph


Note: If the asylum seeker is accompanied by dependents, their names, surnames, gender
and dates of birth must be indicated on this Form as well as the left thumb print and
photograph of each person accompanying that asylum seeker.




Signature of immigration officer




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
160   No. 37679                 GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Surname:
                                                                                            Official stamp
      First name(s):
      Rank/position
      Date:
      Place:
      Appointment / Persal No


      *Delete whichever is not applicable




                                CONTINUES ON PAGE 162—PART 2

                                                                                                             37679—1
                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
   Government Gazette
     Staatskoerant
               R EPU B LI C OF S OUT H AF RICA
               REPUBLIEK VAN SUID-AFRIKA
               Regulation Gazette                No. 10199        Regulasiekoerant

                                                       May
              Vol. 587              Pretoria, 22
                                                       Mei
                                                           2014         No. 37679




                                      PART 2 OF 2

                 N.B. The Government Printing Works will
                 not be held responsible for the quality of
                 “Hard Copies” or “Electronic Files”
                 submitted for publication purposes



           AIDS HELPLINE: 0800-0123-22 Prevention is the cure


402000—A                                                                             37679—1
162   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                            (DHA-947) Form 18




                                    DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                       REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                       APPLICATION FOR PERMANENT RESIDENCE PERMIT
                                      [Section 25(2); Regulation 23(1)]

      IMPORTANT


                                                                               (surname and name of main
      applicant),                                             (passport number) declare that        I   understand
      that:
          1.   This application form and supporting documents must be submitted in person.
          2.   If my spouse and/or dependent children over the age of 16 years form part of the
               application, they will accompany me when submitting the application for the purpose
               of providing their biometrics.
          3.   An application for permanent residence status does not grant me such status. I and
               all my family members will continue to renew our temporary residence visas until the
               outcome of the permanent residence application has been received.
          4.   All   the documents in support of my application must be originals or copies
               authenticated by the issuing authority in the country of origin.
          5.   I am obliged to inform the Department of any change of address, or change in
               information or circumstances that could influence the outcome of the application,
               whilst the application is being processed.




      Signature                                                               Date




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                          No. 37679   163




FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
REFERENCE NO.:


LIST OF APPLICANTS
                                                                                           Applicable    Refere
 Surname           First name(s)        Date         of   Gende       Relationshi          section of    nce
                                        birth             r           p                    Act           number




Application processed by                                                                         (first name and
surname of official)


Decision
Application *approved/rejected.
If rejected, reason(s) for decision:




In the case of conditional approval, state conditions:




Signature:                                                      Date:


Rank:                                                                               Official stamp
Office:




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
164   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Details of principal applicant:
      Title:            Surname:
      First name:
      Maiden name:
      Any other former surnames:
       Date of birth:           Year                              Month                   Day


      Country of birth:                                         Nationality at birth:
      Present nationality:
      Passport no                                                  Expiry date:
      Issuing authority of passport:
      Marital status:
          Never           Married           Permanent             Divorced            Widowed      Legally
         married                              spousal                                             separated
                                           relationship


      Type of marriage or spousal relationship:
        Civil marriage         Customary                Religious               Permanent        Permanent
                                marriage                marriage              heterosexual       homosexual
                                                                               relationship      relationship




      Date and place of conclusion of marriage or spousal relationship:




      Details of previous marriage(s) or permanent spousal relationship(s) (if any):
          Date and place of marriage/conclusion of spousal relationship:


           Date and place of *divorce/separation:




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                      No. 37679   165




*Details about any parental rights and responsibilities (including maintenance obligations) in
respect of children born from such marriage(s)/permanent spousal relationship(s), including
legally adopted children:




Present residential address:




Since                       Year                              Month                              Day




Postal Address:
Suburb:                                         City:                                    Code:
Tel No: (Home)                                          (Work)
Cellphone:
E-mail address:
Occupation:
Type of temporary residence visa held (if applicable):
Valid until:                         Issuing office:


Details of principal applicant's parents:
Father:
Surname:
First name:
Date of birth:
Place of birth:                                Country:


Mother:
Surname:
First name:
Maiden name:
Date of birth:                                   Place of birth:




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
166   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Country.                                             Nationality at birth.


      Details of applicant's spouse:
      Title:                 Surname:
      First name:
      Maiden name:
      Any other former surname(s):
       Date of birth: Year                                Month                    Day


      Country of birth:                                         Nationality at birth:
      Present nationality:
      Passport no                                                  Expiry date:
      Issuing authority of passport:


      Details of previous marriage(s) or permanent spousal relationship(s) (if any):
          Date and place of marriage/conclusion of spousal relationship:


          Date and place of *divorce/separation:


      Details about any custody or maintenance obligations in respect of children born from such
      *marriage(s)/permanent spousal relationship(s), including legally adopted children:




      Present residential address:




      Occupation:


      Type of temporary residence visa held (if applicable):


      Valid until:                                       Issuing office:




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                 No. 37679   167




Details of spouse's parents:
Father:
Surname:
First name(s):
Date of birth:                                       Place of birth:
Country:                                            Nationality at birth:
Present nationality


Mother:
Surname:
First name(s):
Date of birth:
Place of birth:
Country:                                            Nationality at birth:
Present nationality


Details of biological-, step- and adopted children not included in the application:
    Surname                    First name                    Date of          Gender      Nationality
                                                               birth




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
168   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Details of relatives or friends resident in South Africa:
       Surname         First name       Relationship             Identity           Residential   Telephone
                                                                number /              Address       number
                                                             Permanent or
                                                              Temporary
                                                               residence
                                                                  permit
                                                                 number




      Employment record of principal applicant (to cover full period of employment):
          Name of                     Address                       From            To (date)     Nature of
          employer                                                  (date)                          work




      Occupation to be followed in the Republic-
          by principal applicant                                                                           ; and
          by spouse:


      Amount of funds to be transferred to the Republic-
          by principal applicant:
                                                                                                           ; and
          by spouse:




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                          STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                 No. 37679     169




    Details of pension or private income-
        of principal applicant:
                                                                                                           ; and
        of spouse:
     Details of any other assets (e.g. property, investments, etc.)-
        of principal applicant:
                                                                                                           ; and
        of spouse:
     Details of any family members remaining in your country of origin (spouse, children,
    parents, sisters, brothers):
      Surname & First Name(s)                                    Address                         Relationship




     Full details of previous and current residential addresses (since 18th birthday or for
    the last ten years):
     Principal applicant:
     From            To                Number and street name                City / Town         Country
     (month and      (month and
    year)            year)




402000—B
                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
170   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Spouse:
      From           To                Number and street name                City / Town         Country
      (month and     (month and
      year)          year)




      Details regarding applicant and (if applicable) spouse and children:
      The following questions relate to you (the applicant), as well as to your spouse and children
      (if any), and must be answered "YES" or "NO".
      Have you or any of the persons concerned ever been-
          convicted of a criminal offence, even if such conviction is no longer on record against
          you or the persons concerned?
          declared insolvent?                       If yes, have you been rehabilitated?
          the subject of a civil action, including failure to fulfil child maintenance obligations?


          Is there a civil or criminal enquiry pending against you or any of the persons concerned?


          Have you or any of the persons concerned ever been refused entry into or been
          removed or deported from the Republic?                                                  If so, provide
          details:
      N.B. If the answer to any of the above questions is "YES", provide full details below




      General information:
      Postal address and telephone number where you could be contacted in the Republic:




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   171




If your spouse is a South African citizen or permanent resident, please provide his/her
employment details:



Note: Any incorrect or misleading information or false documents furnished in support of this
application may result in the application being refused or, if the permanent residence permit
has already been issued, that permit being withdrawn.

*I/We, the undersigned, declare that-
   the photograph(s) submitted in support of this application *is/are a true reflection of the
   person(s) whose name(s) appear on the reverse side thereof;
   the details reflected in this application, as well as the documents submitted in support of
   this application, are true and correct; and
   it is *my/our intention to permanently reside in the Republic.




Signature of applicant                                         Date
(Parent(s) or legal guardian if main applicant is a minor child)




       Signature of spouse                                              Date




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
172   No. 37679                         GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




              ONE PASSPORT PHOTOGRAPH IN RESPECT OF EACH PARTY TO THE
                                                         APPLICATION



      FOR OFFICIAL USE
      Supporting documents required for all categories of applicants:
       Document(s) to be submitted                  Person(s) to submit                  Explanatory notes
                                                    document
       Passport photograph.                        All applicants.                       A recent, passport-type, full
                                                                                         face photograph.
       Valid passport                              All applicants.                       Certified     copies     are
                                                                                         acceptable.
       Unabridged birth certificate, or All applicants.                                  Only original documents or
       extract from birth record.                                                        authenticated         copies
                                                                                         thereof are acceptable.
       Change of name or gender                    All    applicants          where
       document         (i.e.        Statutory      applicable.
       Declaration, Deed Poll or legal
       Adoption Certificate).
       Medical report                              All applicants                        The report shall not be older
                                                                                         than six months at the time
                                                                                         of submission
       Radiological report.                        All applicants 12 years of            The report shall not be older
                                                   age and older (excluding              than six months at time of
                                                    pregnant women).                     submission.
       Police clearance certificate(s).            All applicants 18 years of            In respect of all countries of
                                                    age and older.                       residence for one year or
                                                                                         longer since the age of 18
                                                                                         years,     including   South
                                                                                         Africa. Certificates may not
                                                                                         be older than six months at
                                                                                         the time of submission of
                                                                                         this application.
       Marriage certificate, or extract All married applicants or
       from marriage record / Proof of parties to a spousal
       registration    of          customary        relationship.
       marriage     in           terms    of
       Recognition     of          Customary
       Marriages Act, 1998 (Act No.
        120 of 1998), where applicable
       / Spousal affidavit.
       Documentary          proof   of
       cohabitation and extent to
       which the related financial
       responsibilities are shared by
       the parties.




                                This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                 STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679     173




 Divorce decree(s) or proof of All           applicants who are Required                 irrespective   of
legal separation and all relevant      divorced          or       legally   whether or not the person
court orders regarding custody         separated.                           concerned    has   since re-
and maintenance of children                                                 married.
and previous spouse(s).
Written consent of both parents        Both parents.
in the case of minor children
where only one of the parents
is applying.
Death certificate of late spouse,      All widowed persons.
where applicable.

Indicate whether or not the document(s) mentioned hereunder have been submitted:

Section 26(a) of the Act
 Proof of five years continuous work permit status.                                Yes         No
 Proof of registration with professional body, board or council in
 the Republic, if applicable.
 Offer of permanent employment.

Section 26(b) of the Act
 Proof that applicant has been spouse of citizen or permanent                      Yes         No
 resident for five years.
 Declaration of support for the application by the spouse who is a                 Yes         No
 citizen or permanent resident.
 Identity document of the spouse who is the citizen or permanent                   Yes         No
 resident.

 If the spouse is a permanent resident, a copy of his or her
 permanent residence permit must be submitted.

Section 26(c) of the Act
 Consent of both parents and guardians, together with an                           Yes         No
 undertaking to provide financial support to the applicant.

Section 26(d) of the Act
 An undertaking by the South African citizen parent(s) to provide Yes                          No
 the required financial support to the applicant.




                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
174   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Section 27(a) of the Act
       An offer of permanent employment.                                                   Yes   No
       An original clipping, not older than four months at the time of
       application, from the national printed media-
       (a) reflecting the full particulars of the relevant newspaper or
           magazine, as well as the date on which the advertisement
           was published;

       (b) stipulating the minimum qualifications and experience
           required to fill the position;
       (c) clearly define the position offered and the responsibilities to
           be performed;
       (d) measure at least 60 millimetres by 60 millimetres; and
       (e) state the closing date for the application
       Proof that the application falls within the specific professional                   Yes   No
       category or within the specific occupational class contemplated
       in section 19(1) of the Immigration Act.

      Section 27(b) of the Act
       Proof that the applicant falls within the critical skills category as               Yes   No
       published from time to time by the Minister by notice in the
       Gazette in the form of a certificate from the professional body,
       council or board recognised by SAQA in terms of section 13(1)(i)
       of the National Qualifications Framework Act or the relevant
       Department confirming the skills or qualifications of the applicant.
       If required by law, a certificate of registration with the                          Yes   No
       professional body, council or board recognised by SAQA in
       terms of section 13(1)(i) of the National Qualifications Framework
       Act
       Proof of post qualification experience of at least five years.     Yes                    No

       Testimonials from previous employers.                                               Yes   No
       A comprehensive curriculum vitae                                                    Yes   No
       A letter of motivation indicating that the critical skills possessed
       by the applicant will be to the benefit of the South African
       environment in which he/she intends to operate and which
       relates to the critical skill in question.




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                   No. 37679   175




Section 27(c) of the Act
In respect of an application by a foreigner who intends to establish a business or
invest in a business that is not established in the Republic
 A certificate issued by a chartered accountant registered with the                       Yes    No
 South African Institute of Chartered Accountants or a
 professional accountant registered with the South African
 Institute of Professional Accountants to the effect that-
 (a)   at least an amount in cash as determined from time to time
       by the Minister, after consultation with the Minister of Trade
       and Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is available; or
 (b) at least an amount in cash and capital as determined from
        time to time by the Minister, after consultation with the
        Minister of Trade and Industry, by notice in the Gazette, is
        available to be invested in the Republic.

       (a) A business plan outlining the feasibility of the business,
          both in the short and long term; and
       (b) an undertaking that at least 60% of the total staff
           compliment employed in the operations of the business
          are or shall be citizens or permanent residents employed
          permanently in various positions

 An undertaking to register with the South African Revenue                                Yes    No
 Service
 Proof of registration with the relevant professional body, board or
 council recognised by SAQA in terms of section 13(2)(i) of the
 National Qualifications Framework Act, where applicable.

In respect of an application by a foreigner who has established a business or
invested in an existing business in the Republic
 A certificate issued by a chartered accountant registered with the                       Yes     No
 South African Institute of Chartered Accountants or a
 professional accountant registered with the South African
 Institute of Professional Accountants to the effect that-
 (a) at least an amount in cash as determined from time to time
       by the Minister, by notice in the Gazette has been invested
       in the business; and

 (b)    proof that at least 60% of the total staff compliment
        employed in the operations of the business are citizens or
        permanent residents employed permanently in various
        positions.




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
176   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




        Proof of registration with the-                                                       Yes    No
        (a)   South African Revenue Service;

        (b)   Unemployment Insurance Fund;
        (c)   Compensation Fund for Occupational Injuries and
              Diseases;
        (d)   Companies and Intellectual Properties Commission (CPIC);
              and
        (e)   The relevant    professional body, board or council
              recognised by SAQA in terms of section 13(2)(i) of the
             National Qualifications Framework Act
        Financial statement in respect of the preceding financial year                        Yes    No
        A partnership agreement, if applicable                                                Yes    No


       Section 27(d) of the Act
        Proof of five years continuous refugee status in the Republic.                   Yes        No
        Certification from the Standing Committee for Refugee Affairs                    Yes        No
        that the applicant will remain a refugee indefinitely.
        An affidavit regarding aliases used for refugee status                           Yes        No
        application(s) by principal applicant or family members, if
        applicable.

       Section 27(e) of the Act
        Proof of a pension fund or an irrevocable retirement annuity or a                Yes        No
        net worth or a combination of assets realising the minimum
        amount per month as determined from time to time by the
        Minister by notice in the Gazette

       Section 27 of the Act
        Proof of a net worth in the amount determined from time to time Yes                         No
        by the Minister by notice in the Gazette
        Written undertaking to make payment in the amount determined Yes                            No
        from time to time by the Minister by notice in the Gazette to the
        Director-General upon approval of the application.

       Section 27(g) of the Act
        Proof of kinship in the first step between the applicant and the Yes                        No
        citizen or permanent resident




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679   177




                                                                                          (DHA-46) Form 19




                                                 or




                               DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                  REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


               DECLARATION OF FOREIGNER AS UNDESIRABLE PERSON
           [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 30(1); Regulations 27(1) and 39(1)


To:
Att:


In terms of section 30(1) of the Act, you are hereby declared an undesirable person in the
Republic due to the following reason(s):


*(a)    You are or are likely to become a public charge;
*(b)    You have been identified as such by the Minister;
*(c)    You have judicially been declared incompetent;
*(d)    You are an unrehabilitated insolvent;
*(e)    You have been ordered to depart in terms of the Act;
*(f)    You are a fugitive from justice;
*(g)    You have previous criminal convictions without the option of a fine for conduct which
        would be an offence in the Republic; or
*(h)    You have overstayed by                 days, at a time.


If you disagree with the aforesaid declaration, you may, in terms of section 8(4) of the Act,
make written representations to the Director-General within 10 working days of receipt of
this notice to review this declaration.




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
178   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Alternatively, you may apply to the Minister to waive any of the grounds of undesirability in
      terms of section 30(2) of the Act if you are able to show good cause.



      Director-General                Place                                           Date

      Place:


      IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Appointment number:
      Rank/position
      Office.                                          Province.


      SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Rank/position
      Contact No.: Tel




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                       No. 37679    179




                                ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT


I acknowledge receipt of the original of this notice.


I    *wish/do not wish to make representations within 10 working days from receipt of this
notice to the Director-General in terms of section 8(4) of the Act to review the declaration.


I understand that I am entitled to make representations to the Minister showing good cause
for the Minister to waive the grounds of undesirability in terms of section 30(2) of the Act.



Signature of recipient of this notice                  Date


Place:
                                                                                            Left thumbprint




Signature of witness                                   Date


*Delete whichever is not applicable



                                   CERTIFICATE BY INTERPRETER

I,                                                                                (name(s) and surname) of
                                                                     (*business/residential address) and
telephone number                                    and cell phone number                                 hereby
confirm that I have mastered                                                       (state language) and that I
have explained to                                           (name(s) and surname of foreigner) the
contents of this notice in the said language and that I am satisfied that the said foreigner
fully understands it.



Signature of interpreter                      Place                                                  Date




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
180   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                           (DHA-1759) Form 20




                                     DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                       REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


        AUTHORISATION FOR ILLEGAL FOREIGNER TO REMAIN IN REPUBLIC PENDING
                                         APPLICATION FOR STATUS
                       [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 32(1); Regulation 30(2)]


      Particulars of the holder of this authorisation


      Full name(s) and surname:
      Date of birth:                                                Passport number:

      The holder of this authorisation may temporarily reside in the Republic in the Magisterial
      District or Municipal Area of                                                 pending the outcome of an
      application for a status. The authorisation is valid until

      As an illegal foreigner you will be listed as an undesirable person in terms of section
      30(1)(h) of the Act, should you depart from the Republic prior to the finalisation of your
      application for status.



      Director-General                                              Date




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   181




IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Appointment number:
Rank/position
Office.                                       Province.



SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Rank/position
Contact No.: Tel

This authorisation lapses as soon as the final decision regarding the holders' status is
conveyed to him or her.




                   This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
182   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                      (DHA-1684) Form 21




                                    DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                      REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                  ORDER TO ILLEGAL FOREIGNER TO DEPART FROM REPUBLIC
                                    [Section 7(1)(g); Regulation 30(4)]


      To:                                                                           (name(s) and surname)
      Date of birth                                  Passport No
      Expiry date.                                    Place of issue.
      Residential address:
                                                                                                            Nati
      onality:                                  Country of origin:


      You are hereby notified that as an illegal foreigner in contravention of the Act, you are guilty
      of an offence for which you may be charged in a court of law.


      However, as you have undertaken to leave the Republic voluntarily, you are hereby ordered
      to leave the Republic by                         (time) on              /      /20       failure of which
      you shall be arrested and detained pending your deportation.




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                 STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                No. 37679    183




Declaration by immigration officer
                                                                         (name(s) and surname) hereby
declare that I am satisfied that the holder hereof has complied with the provisions of
regulation 30(4).



Signature of immigration officer          Place                                 Date

IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:


Appointment number:


Rank/position


Office.                                               Province.


SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Rank/position
Contact No.: Tel




                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
184   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                    ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT

      I acknowledge receipt of the original of this notice.




      Signature of illegal foreigner                      Place                                Date

      Witness:
      Name and surname                                              Signature.




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                          STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                      No. 37679     185




                                        CERTIFICATE BY INTERPRETER

     I,                                                                                (name(s) and surname) of
                                                                          (*business/residential address) with
     telephone number                                and cell number                                          hereby
     confirm that I have mastered                                                                (state language) and
     that I have explained to                                         (name(s) and surname of foreigner) the
     contents of this notice in the said language and that I am satisfied that the said foreigner
     fully understands it.




     Signature of interpreter                      Place                                           Date

     *Delete which is not applicable




402000—C
                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
186   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                (DHA-1720) Form 22




                                      DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                         REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


        NOTICE BY IMMIGRATION OFFICER TO PERSON TO PRODUCE ANY THING IN HIS
            OR HER POSSESSION OR IN HIS OR HER CUSTODY OR UNDER HIS OR HER
                                                       CONTROL
                       [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 33(4)(b); Regulation 32(2)]


      To:                                                                                (name and surname) with
      identity document / passport number


      Residential address:                                                     Physical work address:




      YOU ARE HEREBY called upon in terms of section 33(4)(b) of the Act to produce the
      article(s) infra to                                                                   (name and surname of
      immigration officer) at
      (physical address) on                   (date) at                                          (time)




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                       No. 37679       187




           Article                                   Description                         No. of articles




Reason(s) why the said article(s) is/are to be produced:




A copy hereof was personally handed to the aforementioned on                                              (date)
at                                                                                       (place)    and     the
import thereof *explained to him or her/ delivered at his/her last known address.




Signature of *immigration officer/sheriff             Appointment no                      Date

*Delete which is not applicable


IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Appointment number:
Rank/position
Office.                                              Province.




SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Rank/position
Contact No.: Tel




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
188   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                   ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT


      I acknowledge receipt of this notice.



      Signature of recipient                    Initials and Surname                          Date




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                 No. 37679   189




                                                                                   (DHA-1721) Form 23




                                 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                   REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


 NOTICE BY IMMIGRATION OFFICER TO PERSON TO APPEAR BEFORE DIRECTOR-
                                                  GENERAL
              [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 33(4)(c); Regulation 32(3)]


To:
(name(s) and surname) with identity document / passport number


Residential Address:                                            Physical work address:




Tel No                                    (work/home)             Cell No

Alternative Contact:                                            (next of kin, friend's name and surname)

Tel No                                       (work/home)            Cell No

E-mail address:




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
190   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      YOU ARE HEREBY called upon in terms of section 33(4)(c) of the Act to appear before
                                                                                         (name(s) and surname
      of   immigration   officer)     at
      (physical address) on                                                  (date) at                 (time).


      Reason(s) why you are called upon to appear before the Director-General:




      Signature of *immigration officer/sheriff Appointment no                               Date



      IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Appointment number:
      Rank/position
      Office.                                            Province.



      SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Rank/position
      Contact No.: Tel




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                 STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679    191




A copy hereof was personally handed to the aforementioned on                                       (date)
and the import thereof explained to him or her/ delivered at his/her last known address*.


Place:



Signature of *immigration officer/sheriff Appointment no                                Date

IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Appointment number:
Rank/position
Office.                                           Province.



SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Rank/position
Contact No.: Tel




                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
192   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                   ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT
      I acknowledge receipt of this notice.




      Signature of recipient                    Initials and Surname                          Date

      *Delete which is not applicable




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                 No. 37679    193




                                                                                      (DHA-1722) Form 24




                                DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                    REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                                 ENTRY AND SEARCH WARRANT
            [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 33(5)(a) and (b); Regulation 32(4)]


TO:                                                                               (name(s) and surname of
immigration officer responsible for the execution of the entry and search warrant).

Whereas it appears to me from information received under oath that there are reasonable
grounds to believe that, within the Magisterial District of                                         there
is in or upon the premises at
 *(i)    an illegal foreigner; or
*(ii)    something which relates to the employment, training, occupation or residence on
         such premises of an illegal foreigner in violation of the Act,

YOU ARE THEREFORE authorised to enter the abovementioned premises during *day
time/any time/night time/during the hours of                                 to                 to search
for and to-
(Mark with YES or NO in the applicable block)


(a)     interrogate any person found in or on such premises;
(b)     examine any thing in or upon such premises;
(c)     request from the person who is in control of such premises or in whose
        possession or under whose control any thing is when it is found, or who is
        upon reasonable grounds believed to have information with regard to such
        thing, an explanation or information pertaining to that thing and make




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
194   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




            copies of or extracts from any such thing found upon or in such premises,
      (d)   apprehend an illegal foreigner, subject to section 34(1).


      Given under my hand at                               on this            day of                   20


                                                                                              Magistrates Court


      Signature

                                                                                                Official stamp
      Designation:


      *Delete which is not applicable




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                 STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679     195




                                 REVERSE SIDE OF FORM 24



                                     ACKNOWLEDGEMENT



I                                                                            (name and surname) in my
capacity as                                                                   of the    premises,   hereby
acknowledge that the premises referred to in the entry and search warrant was left *in the
condition it was found/with the following breakages:




Signature of recipient                   Initials and Surname                   Date




                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
196   No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                  (DHA1760) Form 25




                                                         "1442111w


                                          DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                          REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                               WARRANT OF ARREST
                    [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 33(5)(b) and 33(6); Regulation 32(4)]

      Inspectorate office/Port of Entry                    Ref. no.                  Appointment no.

      Name
      Address
      Gender                                                                         Age


      (Only the immigration officer whose particulars appear above is authorised to execute
      this warrant.)

      To: The Magistrate, District of


        APPLICATION UNDER SECTION 33(5)(b) OF THE ACT FOR WARRANT OF ARREST

      Application      is   hereby     made      for    the     issue    of    a    warrant       for   the    arrest   of
                                                                                              (name and surname),
      with passport number                         on a charge of                                                        ,



      there being, from information taken upon oath a reasonable suspicion that *he/she
      committed the alleged offence on or about the                      day of                           20       in the
      district of                                             The said                                                  is

      presently suspected to be within the district of



      Signature of immigration officer                   Date




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                        No. 37679    197




IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Appointment number:
Rank/position
Office.                                          Province.



SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Rank/position
Contact No.: Tel



                                      WARRANT OF ARREST


Whereas from the written application made by
(name and surname of immigration officer) there                        is   a reasonable suspicion that
                                                                            (name and surname of person
to be arrested) of
(residential address) on the                day of                          20... contravened the Act by
                                            you are hereby directed to arrest *him/her and to bring
*him/her   before    the    court     (name       of    the    court                                        at
                              Magisterial Court).

The above-mentioned person/suspect shall be informed that *he/she has the right to consult
with a legal practitioner of his or her choice, and if he or she cannot afford a legal
practitioner, that he or she may apply for legal aid at the local Legal Aid Office.

Given under my hand at                          on this           day of                            20.


Magistrate's Court



Signature of Magistrate                    Date
                                                                                         Official stamp


*Delete which is not applicable




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
198   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                (DHA-1723) Form 26




                                       DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                        REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                                          RECEIPT OF ITEMS SEIZED
                    [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 33(5)(c); Regulation 32(5)]


      This form is to be completed in triplicate

      I,                                                                           (name         and   surname     of
      immigration officer) hereby acknowledge that I have seized the following items in terms of
      section 33(5)(c) of the Act from the premises of                                                       in the
      district of

                     Item                                          Description                          Quantity




      Total no of items seized:




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                 STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                          No. 37679   199




Confirmed by:                                                          (name(s) and surname of person
in charge of premises) in his or her capacity as




Signature of person in charge of premises

Signed at                                   on this          day of                             20



Signature of immigration officer                                                        Official stamp

Reference/File number:




IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Appointment number:
Rank/position
Office.                                         Province.




SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Rank/position
Contact No.: Tel




                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
200   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                       ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT OF ITEMS RETURNED


      I    hereby acknowledge receipt of the items that were seized and removed from
                                                                                              (premises)
      on     /     /     (date) and confirm that all items have been received in good order or




      Signature of person in charge of premises                                       Date:




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                      No. 37679       201




                                                                                             (DHA-1761) Form 27




                                   DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS

                                     REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                             WARRANT FOR SEIZURE AND REMOVAL

                   [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 33(5)(c); Regulation 32(5)]



    TO.                                                                            (first name and surname of
     immigration officer responsible for the execution of the seizure and removal warrant).


    Whereas it appears to me from information received under oath that there are reasonable
    grounds to believe that, within the Magisterial District of                                                   ,



     in or upon the premises situated at                                                                   ,   the
    following documentation or thing which-


    *(i)    is concerned with or is upon reasonable grounds suspected of being concerned with;
            or
    *(ii)   contains or is on reasonable grounds suspected of containing information with regard
            to,
    any matter which is the subject of an investigation in terms of the Act:
                                                                             (mention documentation),




    YOU ARE THEREFORE authorised to enter the abovementioned premises during *day
    time/any time/night time/during the hours of                                  to                    to seize




401000—D
                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
202   No. 37679                  GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      and remove the documents or items mentioned in the receipt, which receipt shall be handed
      to the person from whom the items mentioned above are to be seized and removed.



      Given under my hand at                        on this          day of                         20




                                                                                     Magistrates Court


      Signature of Magistrate
                                                                                         Official stamp
      Designation:



      *Delete which is not applicable




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                        No. 37679   203




                                                                                         (DHA-1725) Form 28




                                 DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS

                                 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA



                   WARRANT OF DETENTION OF ILLEGAL FOREIGNER

                 [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 34(1); Regulation 33(1)]


To:       *Station Commissioner / Head of Correctional Services or Detention Facility




As                                                                                                (name and
surname of illegal foreigner) has made *himself/herself liable to *deportation/removal from
the Republic and for detention pending such *deportation/removal in terms of section *34(1)
or 34(5)/34(8) of the Act, you are hereby ordered to detain him or her until such time *he/she
is *deported/removed from the Republic.



Signature of immigration officer                    Date
                                                                                            Official stamp


IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Appointment number:
Rank/position
Office.                             Province.




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
204   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Rank/position
      Contact No.: Tel :




      NB: No release may be effected without the written authority of an immigration officer
      by means of a warrant of release referred to in section 34(7) of the Act.
      *Delete which is not applicable




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                      No. 37679   205




                                                                                            (DHA-1724) Form 29




                                  DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                    REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                                  NOTIFICATION OF DEPORTATION
                [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 34(1)(a); Regulation 33(2)]


To:                                                                                          (name and surname
of illegal foreigner)


As you are an illegal foreigner, you are hereby notified that you are to be deported to your
country of origin, namely


In terms of section 34(1)(a) and (b) of the Act, you have the right to-
(a)   appeal the decision to the Director-General in terms of section 8(4) of the Act within 10
      working days from date of receipt of this notice; or
(b)   at any time request the officer attending to you to have your detention for the purpose
      of deportation confirmed by a warrant of the court.


NB:     Should you choose not to exercise the rights mentioned above, you shall be
        detained pending your deportation. You will not be allowed to return to the
        Republic, unless you have obtained the necessary lawful authority in this
        regard.




                        This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
206   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT OF NOTIFICATION OF DEPORTATION
      I hereby acknowledge receipt of the original notification of deportation in which my rights in
      terms of section 34(1)(a) and (b) of the Act were explained to me.

      After due consideration, I have decided to-
      Await my deportation at the first reasonable opportunity, whilst              Yes       No
      remaining in custody.
      Appeal the decision to deport me.                                             Yes       No
      Have my detention confirmed by a warrant of the court.                        Yes       No




      Signature of detainee                                        Date

      Place:




      Signature of immigration officer                   Date



      IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Appointment number:
      Rank/position
      Office'                                           Province.



      SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Rank/position
      Contact No.: Tel




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                     STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                      No. 37679     207




                                CERTIFICATE BY INTERPRETER

                                                                                    (name and surname) of
                                                                                          (*business/residential
address) hereby confirm that          I   have mastered
(state language) and that        I   have explained to                                           (name(s) and
surname of detainee) the contents of this notice in the said language and that I am satisfied
that the said foreigner fully understands it.




Signature of interpreter                   Place                                             Date


*Delete whichever is not applicable




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
208   No. 37679                  GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                             (DHA-1725) Form 30




                                    DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS

                                     REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

           CONFIRMATION BY COURT OF DETENTION FOR PURPOSES OF DEPORTATION

                    [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 34(1)(b); Regulation 33(3)]


      To:     *Station Commissioner / Head of Prison or Detention facility




      As                                                                    (name and surname) has made
      *himself/herself liable to *deportation/removal from the Republic and for detention pending
      such *deportation/removal, in terms of section *34(1) / 34(5) / 34(8) of the Act, you are
      hereby ordered to detain him or her until such time * he/she is *deported/removed from the
      Republic.


      Given under my hand at                                   on this          day of               20...

                                                                                     Magistrate's Court

      Signature
                                                                                              Official stamp

      Designation

      NB: No release may be effected without a warrant of
      release contemplated in section 34(7) of the Act.

      *Delete which is not applicable




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                        No. 37679    209




                                                                                         (DHA-1726) Form 31




                               DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS

                                 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


      NOTICE TO A FOREIGNER OF THE INTENTION TO APPLY TO COURT FOR THE

                            EXTENSION OF HIS/HER DETENTION

              [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 34(1)(d); Regulation 33(4)(a)]


To:                                                               (name and surname of detainee)
detained at                                                              (name of detention facility).

You are hereby notified that in view of the fact that your detention pending the execution of
the warrant for your deportation to                                                       (destination) issued
on                       (date) is likely to exceed 30 calendar days on
(date) for the reasons mentioned in the affidavit on the reverse side of this notice, I am, in
terms of section 34(1)(d) of the Act, submitting the matter for consideration to the Magistrate
at                                                    (place) on or before                             (date).


You are entitled to make a written representation to a magistrate of the court who will rule on
your extended detention and you are requested to provide me with such representations on
or before                                                              (date). If you require assistance,
you may approach the head of the institution where you are being detained.




Signature of immigration officer                                                   Official stamp




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
210   No. 37679                  GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Appointment number:
      Rank/position
      Office.                                         Province.



      SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Rank/position
      Contact No.: Tel




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679      211




                                CERTIFICATE BY INTERPRETER

I,                                                                                       (name and surname)
of                                                                                       (*business/residential
address) hereby confirm that I have mastered
(state language) and that       I   have explained to                                              (name and
surname of detainee) the contents of this notice in the said language and that I am satisfied
that the said foreigner fully understands it.




Signature of interpreter                   Place                                           Date


*Delete which is not applicable




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
212   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                           REVERSE SIDE OF FORM 31

                                                      AFFIDAVIT



      I                                                                                 (name and surname of
      deponent) *state herewith under oath/solemnly declare that-


      (a)    I am a duly appointed immigration officer stationed at                                          (place);
      (b)    I have ordered the detention of                                                             (name and
             surname of detainee) because the warrant for his or her removal from the Republic
             issued by me on           /         /            (date) could not be executed immediately due
             to
                                                                                                (provide reasons);
      (c)    the detention of the said detainee was considered reasonable and necessary, as



      (d)    it   is   necessary that the said detainee be detained for a further period                             of
                                  because


      I append hereto certified copies of the following documentation as proof of my endeavours
      to expedite the deportation of the said detainee:
      (a)
      (b)
      (c)


      Signed at                                on this               day of                                 20



      Signature of immigration officer                     Appointment number

      Thus signed and *sworn/solemnly affirmed before me on this .... day of                                20


      *Delete which is not applicable
                                                                                                   Official stamp




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                              STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   213




Commissioner of Oaths


First name(s):
Surname:
Capacity:
Place:




                 This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
214   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                               (DHA-1727) Form 32




                                      DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                       REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

        APPLICATION TO COURT FOR EXTENSION OF DETENTION AND AUTHORISATION
                                    BY COURT FOR THAT EXTENSION
               [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 34(1)(d); Regulation 33(4)(c) and (6)]

      To: The clerk of the Court:


      Re: Extension of detention of
      (name(s) and surname of detainee) detained at                                                          (place).


      Please refer this matter for consideration to the Magistrate in terms of section 34(1)(d) of the
      Act read with Regulation 33(6).

      The following documents are attached:
      (a)   Certified copy of the warrant of detention of
            (name and surname of detainee) issued on                                                         (date);
      (b)   notification to the detainee as contemplated in Regulation 33(4)(a);
      (c)   affidavit of the immigration officer; and
      (d)   representation by the said detainee (if any).

      Signed at                                   on this          day of                               20



      Immigration officer:
                                                                                                   Official Stamp

      Signature      Appointment No             Place              Date




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679      215




                                  DECISION BY MAGISTRATE


*After perusing the documentation referred to above, I hereby-


(a)    confirm the application for the extended detention of
                                                                         (name and surname of detainee);
(b)    refuse the application for the extended detention of
                                                                    (name(s) and surname of detainee);
(c)    make     the     following     order      in   addition      to     the   confirmation    or    refusal
       above.


Given under my hand at                                    on this          day of                     20


                                                                                          Magistrate's court

       Signature of Magistrate



            Designation


*Delete which is not applicable




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
216   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                               (DHA-1710) FORM 33




                                       DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                        REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


            WARRANT OF DETENTION OF PERSON SUSPECTED OF BEING AN ILLEGAL
                                                    FOREIGNER
                  [Section 7(1)(g) read with sections 34(2) and 41(1); Regulation 33(7)]


      To:      *Station Commissioner/Head of Correctional Services Centre




      Whereas                                                                                  (name and surname)
      is, for the reasons stated in the attached affidavit, suspected of being an illegal foreigner
      who has failed to satisfy me
      (name and surname of *immigration officer/police officer) in terms of section 41(1) of the Act
      that he/she is entitled to be in the Republic; and whereas it is deemed necessary to detain
      the said person for the following reasons:




      The following steps were taken by an immigration officer before detention to assist the
      person to prove that he or she is entitled to be in the Republic:


      (a) All Departmental systems were checked:                                     Yes               No
      (b)   Visited the address given by the suspect to confirm Yes                                    No
            identity




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                        No. 37679   217




You are hereby ordered to detain the said person pending an investigation to verify his or
her identity or status.


A copy of this detention warrant was handed to the immigration officer stationed at
                          (Inspectorate office) on            /      /      (date) at                (time).


Immigration officer:


                                                                                          Official stamp
Signature



IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Appointment number:
RanWposition
Office'                                                                  Province'



SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Rank/position
Contact No.: Tel




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
218   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                (DHA-1728) FORM 34




                                      DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                        REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


           ORDER TO ILLEGAL FOREIGNER TO DEPOSIT A SUM TO COVER EXPENSES
           RELATING TO DEPORTATION, DETENTION, MAINTENANCE AND CUSTODY
                    [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 34(3); Regulation 33(8)(a)]


      A.     TO:                                                                                         (name and
             surname of illegal foreigner).

             Whereas-
             (a)   you are to be deported from the Republic under a warrant of deportation as an
                   illegal foreigner; and
             (b)   the consequential expenses of your deportation are calculated as follows:
                   Actual costs of deportation:
                   Actual costs of detention:
                   Actual costs of maintenance:
                   Total:                                                                        ,              and
             (c)   section 34(3) of the Act empowers me to require from you to deposit with the
                   Department a sum of money sufficient to cover the said expenses, you are
                   hereby ordered to deposit the amount of                                       with the Department
                   at                                         (place) on or before                           (date).



             PLEASE TAKE NOTE that should you fail to deposit the said sum of money on or
             before the aforementioned date, you shall be guilty of an offence and liable on
             conviction to a fine not exceeding                               or to imprisonment not exceeding
             12 months.




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                               No. 37679    219




     Furthermore, please take note that a copy of the order will be filed with the clerk of
     the court in the district of                                   whereafter the normal procedure
     pertaining to civil action shall apply.


     Immigration officer's name:


     Signature

     IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
     Name and Surname:
     Appointment number:
     Rank/position
     Office.                                       Province.



     SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
     Name and Surname:
     Rank/position
     Contact No.: Tel


B.   TO THE CLERK OF THE COURT
     As the illegal foreigner mentioned above has failed to comply with the order, you are
     hereby requested to please record this order as a judgment of the court and
     complete the endorsement in Part C of this Form.


     You are further requested to return two completed copies of Part C of this Form to
     me within              (days).


     Immigration officer:


     Signature




                   This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
220   No. 37679                  GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




             IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
             Name and Surname:
             Appointment number:
             Rank/position
             Office.                                        Province.



             SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
             Name and Surname:
             Rank/position
             Contact No.: Tel




      C.     TO:                                            (name(s) and surname of immigration officer)


      (a)    Order entered as a judgement of the Court on                  /        /        (date)
      (b)    Judgement number:



      Signature of clerk of the Court                             Date




                                                                                         Office stamp




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679     221




                                                                                         (DHA-515) Form 35




                                 DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


            WARRANT FOR REMOVAL OF DETAINED ILLEGAL FOREIGNER
                [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 34(7); Regulation 33(9)(a)]


TO: Person in charge of correctional services or detention facility


As
(first name(s) and surname), whose fingerprints appear on the reverse side of this Form, has
made *himself/herself liable to removal from the Republic, you are hereby requested to
deliver *him/her into my custody.


Removal from the Republic shall be affected via                                                        (port
of entry) and the responsible immigration officer or police officer at that port of entry shall,
before the removal of the detainee, impress the left and right thumb prints of the detainee in
the space provided hereunder and certify that the prints were taken by him or her.




Signature of immigration officer                                                                Date

Reference no


IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Appointment number:
Rank/position




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
222   No. 37679                         GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Office.                                              Province.



      SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Rank/position
      Contact No.: Tel




                      CERTIFICATE BY IMMIGRATION OFFICER AT PORT OF ENTRY


      I   hereby confirm that the above-mentioned person was removed from the Republic on
      .../ ...... /.... (date) to                      (country) via                                  (port of entry).


      I also confirm that *his/her left and right thumb prints were taken by me.

                LEFT THUMB PRINT



                                                                                                    RIGHT THUMB PRINT




      IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Appointment number:
                                                                                                     Departure stamp
      Rank/position
      Port of entry:



      HEAD OF PORT OF ENTRY / SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Rank/position
      Contact No.: Tel




                                This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                       No. 37679   223




                                      REVERSE SIDE OF FORM 35
                     FINGERPRINT FORM / TRAVEL IDENTITY OF DEPORTEE
NOTIFICATION OF                                                     Classification
DEPORTATION OF ILLEGAL
FOREIGNER
Fingerprints may only be taken
by an official of the Department
of Home Affairs.
PLEASE NOTE: Should a finger
be missing, deformed or so                                              Identity size photo
                                                                        of illegal foreigner
injured that the impression
                                                                          to be deported
cannot be taken, this fact
should be noted in the space
provided for that impression.
R thumb                R index                  R middle                    R ring             R little finger




L thumb               L index                   L middle                    L ring             L little finger




FOR OFFICIAL USE:
FINGERPRINTS TAKEN BY:
(PLEASE PRINT)
IDENTITY NUMBER:

PCN NUMBER:



                                        REGISTERING FINGERS
                                             LEFT HAND                         RIGHT HAND




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
224   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                 (DHA-557) Form 36




                                       DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                         REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                      WARRANT FOR RELEASE OF DETAINED ILLEGAL FOREIGNER
                        [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 34(7); Regulation 33(9)(b)]


                To:       PERSON IN CHARGE OF CORRECTIONAL FACILITY OR DETENTION
                          FACILITY

                Name(s) and Surname
                Name of correctional services /detention facility


      You are hereby ordered to release the following illegal foreigner(s) presently being detained
      by you:
                      Surname                           First name(s)                             Passport No




      Reasons for release:




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679   225




Signature of *immigration officer/police officer                                       Official stamp




IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Appointment number:
Rank/position
Office.                                     Province.



ENDORSEMENT BY SUPERVISOR SUPPORTING THE RELEASE


Supported / Not supported



Signature:


SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Rank/position
Contact No.: Tel


*Delete which is not applicable




                   This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
226   No. 37679                         GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                    (DHA-1694) Form 37




                                         DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                             REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


              NOTIFICATION TO A PERSON AT A PORT OF ENTRY THAT HE OR SHE IS AN
                               ILLEGAL FOREIGNER AND IS REFUSED ADMISSION
             [Section 7(1)(g) read with sections 34(8) and 35(10); Regulations 33(10) and (14)]


      To:                                                                 (name and surname of illegal foreigner)

      In terms of section 8(1) of the Act, you are hereby notified that you do not qualify for
      admission into the Republic as-

      *(a)      you have been declared an undesirable person in terms of the provisions of section
                30(1) of the Act;


      *(b)      you are a prohibited person in terms of the provisions of section 29 of the Act by
                virtue of the fact that you-
                *(i)     are      infected       with      or     carrying       the      following       *disease/virus:
                                                                                       (name of disease or virus);
                *(ii)    have a warrant outstanding or a conviction has been secured in respect of
                                                                                                    (name of offence);
                *(iii)   were previously deported and not rehabilitated by the Director-General as
                         contemplated in Regulation 26(4);
                *(iv)    are a member of or adherent to an association or organization advocating the
                         practice of racial hatred or social violence;
                *(v)     are or have been a member of or adherent to an organization or association
                         utilizing crime or terrorism to pursue its ends;




                                This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                        STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                         No. 37679    227




          *(vi)     are or have been in possession of a fraudulent residence visa, passport or
                    identification document;
*(c)      you        are       an       illegal      foreigner         for      the       following        reason(s):




       Should you have reason to submit that the refusal of your admission into the Republic
       was procedurally unfair, unreasonable or unlawful, you may, within three days from date
       of this notice, request the Minister to review this decision.


       However, if the conveyance you arrived on is on the point of departing, your request for
       review must be lodged immediately and if the said request has not been finalised prior to
       the departure of the conveyance, you shall depart on such conveyance and await the
       outcome of the request outside the Republic.


In terms of section 35(10) of the Act, the conveyor responsible for your conveyance to the
Republic,         namely                                                                               ,   shall   be
responsible for the detention and removal of a person conveyed and any costs related to
such detention and removal incurred by the Department.

                                                                                      Official stamp

Signature of immigration officer

IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Appointment number:
Rank/position
Office.                                                     Province*



SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
Name and Surname:
Rank/position
Contact No.: Tel




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
228   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                   ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT


      I acknowledge receipt of the original of this notice and understand the contents thereof.


      I *wish/do not wish to request a review of this decision. My written request *is attached/will
      be submitted within three days.



      Signature of illegal foreigner                               Date

      *Delete which is not applicable


                                     CERTIFICATE BY INTERPRETER


      I,                                                                                       (name and surname)
      of                                                                                                      (*business/
      residential address) hereby confirm that            I   have mastered
                                                          (state language) and                that    I     explained   to
                                                                                  (name(s) and surname of
      illegal foreigner) the contents of this document in the said language and that I am satisfied
      that the illegal foreigner fully understands the contents of this document.




      Signature of interpreter                  Place                                                Date

      *Delete which is not applicable




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                      No. 37679      229




                                                                                           (DHA-96) Form 38




                                  DEPARTMENT: HOME AFFAIRS
                                  REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

  DECLARATION TO MASTER OF SHIP OR PERSON IN CHARGE OF CONVEYANCE
 THAT PERSON CONVEYED IS ILLEGAL FOREIGNER AND NOTICE TO MASTER OF
        SHIP OR PERSON IN CHARGE OF CONVEYANCE REGARDING HIS OR HER
          OBLIGATIONS WHERE PERSON CONVEYED IS REFUSED ADMISSION
      [Section 7(1)(g) read with sections 34(8) and 35(10); Regulations 33(10) and (14)]

To:                    *Master            of            ship/person              in          charge           of
conveyance                                                             (name of *ship/conveyance).


Permission for the following person(s) to enter the Republic was refused on                         /    /
(date) because he/she is an illegal foreigner. The person indicated below shall be detained
and removed -
*(a)      in the case of a master of the ship, in terms of section 34(8) and (9) of the Act; or
*(b)      in the case of a person in charge of a conveyance, in terms of section 35(10) of the
         Act.


 Surname        First name(s)    Date of Birth      Gender      Nationality           Reason(s) for refusal




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
230   No. 37679                  GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Port of entry:                                            Date:




      Signature of immigration officer



      IMMIGRATION OFFICER'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Appointment number:
      Rank/position
      Office'                                          Province'



      SUPERVISOR'S PARTICULARS
      Name and Surname:
      Rank/position
      Contact No.: Tel




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   231




                             ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT


I acknowledge receipt of the original of this notice.




Signature of *master of ship/person in charge of conveyance


Date:


*Delete which is not applicable




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
232   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                 (DHA-128) Form 39




                                      DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                         REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


      LISTS OF PASSENGERS AND CREW, MEDICAL RETURN AND COASTAL ADVICE


                  [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 35(5)(a), (c) and (d); Regulation 34(9)]


                                              LIST OF PASSENGERS


      The person in charge of a conveyance entering or prior to entering a port of entry of the
       Republic shall, on demand, deliver to an immigration officer a list of all passengers on board
      that conveyance, which list shall contain the following information:


       Name of conveyance:
      Departing from:                                                                              (place)
      Arriving at:                                                                                      (place)
      Name and surname of person in charge of conveyance
      *Flight/Registration No
       Date of entry:


       Particulars of all passengers on board classified according to their respective
      destinations (inbound):


      Surname and initials        Passport/Travel          Nationality          Embarked at            Destination
                                  document no




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                 STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679   233




I   hereby certify that this list contains the particulars of all passengers on board my
conveyance.




Signature of person in charge of conveyance                                             Date

List received by:


Name and surname of immigration officer
Appointment No-
Signature.                                                   Date.
Place




                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
234   No. 37679                        GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




           LIST OF CREW AND PERSONS CARRIED OTHER THAN PASSENGERS AND
                                                       STOWAWAYS




      The person in charge of a conveyance which enters any port must, on demand, deliver to
      the immigration officer a list of all the crew and all persons (other than passengers and
      stowaways) employed, carried or present on that conveyance.


      Name of conveyance:
      Port of entry (at country of departure):
      Name(s) and surname of person in charge of conveyance.
      Date on which conveyance entered the Republic:
      Port of entry:
      Date of final departure from Republic:
      Next port of call:


      Crew list:
      No   Rank        Surname and                  Nationality          Date        of    Passport   Expiry date
                       initial(s)                                        birth             No.        of passport




      List of other persons carried (other than passengers and stowaways):
      No   Rank        Surname and                 Nationality         Date        of     Passport    Expiry date
                       initial(s)                                      birth              No.         of passport




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                 STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   235




I certify that this list contains the names of all crew and persons other than passengers and
stowaways on board the conveyance.



Person in charge of conveyance                               Date

List received by:


Name and surname of immigration officer
Appointment No
Signature.                                                             Date.




                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
236   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                MEDICAL RETURN


      Name of conveyance:
      Port of entry:

      Crew, passengers and all other persons on board conveyance who, during the
      voyage, have suffered or are suspected of suffering from a disease, whether
      infectious or otherwise:
      Surname and initial(s)         Rank/ Class              Nature of illness                Remarks




      Details of any birth or death that occurred on board the conveyance between the
      present and previous port:
      Name (mention father and Rank/Class                      Birth/Death        Date              Remarks
      mother's name in case of
      birth)




      Certified by me                                                                           (name and surname
      of medical officer/person in charge of the conveyance) at
      (port of entry) on the          day of                                              20....


      Signature of *medical officer/person in charge of conveyance
      *Delete which is not applicable




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                       STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                           No. 37679      237




                                              COASTAL ADVICE
(To be completed by immigration officer for conveyance destined for more than one
port in the Republic)


TO:     Immigration officer at                                                          (next port of call in the
Republic)


Name of conveyance:
Ship's File No:


Number         of   illegal   foreigners                              and     reasons         for   their    illegality:




Note: (Attach notice issued to the person in charge of ship, dependent on the reason of
illegality).


Number of passengers in transit:
Number of persons for final disembarkation:
Number of foreign crew:
Number of crew members who are citizens or permanent residence holders:
Number of persons whose final departure must be certified:
Number of stowaways remaining on board declared by the master of the ship at last port of
call:
Remarks:




Dispatched from                                                                                      (port of entry)



Signature of immigration officer               Appointment number                     Date




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
238   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                           (DHA-1567) Form 40




                                    DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                       REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

                                             LIST OF STOWAWAYS
                    [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 35(5)(b); Regulation 33(10)]

      The person in charge of a conveyance entering a port of entry in the Republic shall, on
      demand, deliver to the immigration officer a list of stowaways.

                                                      PART A
                                                    STOWAWAYS

      Details of Conveyance
      Name of conveyance:
      Registration No:
      Name(s)       and   surname              of       person         in       charge         of    conveyance:

          Port of entry:
      Date of entry:

      PERSONAL PARTICULARS OF STOWAWAYS
      Surname     First name(s)   Passport /                                Type of travel      Nationality
                                  Travel                                    document
                                  document No




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                  No. 37679   239




                                             PART B
                                      DETAILS OF STOWAWAY
                       (To be completed in respect of each stowaway)

PERSONAL PARTICULARS OF STOWAWAYS
Names(s).                                                                                 Photograph of
Surname.                                                                                   stowaway
Date of birth.               Place of birth



Nationality.                              Country of origin
First language.                           Other spoken languages.
Passport/travel document No               Date of issue
Place of issue.                           Date of expiry-
Issuing authority.
Home address/Address in country of boarding

Employer's name.
Employer's address-

Height.                   Weight                                        Marital status.
Name(s) and surname of spouse.
Nationality of spouse.                                         Address of spouse'

Names and surname of parents.
Nationality of parents.
Address of parents.




STOWAWAY DETAILS
Date found.             /                 /                    Time found.
Place of boarding                                              Country of boarding
Time spent in country of boarding.                             Intended port of destination.
Intended final destination (if different).
Stated reasons for boarding the ship


OTHER DETAILS
Method of boarding, including other persons involved (e.g. crew, port workers etc.), and
whether they were secreted in cargo/container or hidden in the vessel:




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
240   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Inventory of stowaway's possessions:




      Was the stowaway assisted in boarding the vessel, or assisted by any member of the crew?
      If so, was any payment made for the assistance?




      Statement made by the stowaway (attach additional page, if space is not enough):




      Statement made by the person in charge of the conveyance (Master), including any
      observations on the credibility of the information provided by the stowaway:




      I   hereby certify that this list contains the particulars of all stowaways found on board my
      conveyance.

      Date of interview of the stowaway.                                               Place.




      Signature of stowaway                      Place                                 Date




      Person in charge of conveyance                      Place                        Date




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679   241




                             ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT

I,                                                                                   (name of immigration
officer) hereby confirm receipt of the list of stowaways in terms of section 35(5)(b) of the Act.




Signature of immigration officer                    Place                                Date




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
242   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                              (DHA-86) Form 41




                                    DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                      REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA

          APPLICATION BY MASTER OR OWNER OF SHIP OR AGENT REPRESENTING
            MASTER OR OWNER OF SHIP FOR CERTIFICATE TO LEAVE HARBOUR
                  [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 35(8); Regulation 34(12)]

                                                                                               ,   (name(s)   and
      surname of *master or owner of the ship/agent representing master or owner of the ship)
      hereby apply for a certificate to leave the harbour and declare that the following is a
      complete return of changes in the crew, passengers and others since arrival at this port:


      CREW
      Crew signed off                         Rank                       Crew Visa No.             Passport No




      Crew signed on                          Rank                       Crew Visa No.             Passport No




      Deserters left behind                   Rank                       Crew Visa No.             Passport No




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                   No. 37679   243




Crew left behind in     Rank                     Crew Visa No.         Passport No        Name of
hospital                                                                                  hospital




Crew in custody in      Rank                     Crew Visa No.         Passport No        Name of
the Republic                                                                              custody




Distressed seamen shipped
Surname and Initials                  Rank                                                   Passport No




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
244   No. 37679                  GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Passengers in transit:
       Surname and initial(s)       Passport No.                   Nationality                 Destination




      List of stowaways on board:
       Surname and initial(s)       Passport No.                   Nationality               Place of return
                                                                                              (Destination)




      Signature of person in charge of conveyance                 Date                       Place

      Name of conveyance:
      Registration No
      Flag:


      Name and surname of immigration officer
      Appointment No
      Signature.                                        Date.
      Place




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679   245




                                                                                         (DHA-92) Form 42




                               DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


       CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE TO OBTAIN CLEARANCE FROM CUSTOMS
                 [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 35(8); Regulation 34(13)]


To: Officer in charge of Customs and Excise


Port of entry:


I   hereby certify that the person in charge of
(make and registration number of conveyance) complied with the provisions of the Act on
                                               (date).


Immigration officer's name:


Signature                        Appointment No                        Place                    Date




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
246   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                            (DHA-1747) Form 43




                                      DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                         REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


        NOTICE OF ADMINISTRATIVE FINE INCURRED FOR INCORRECT CERTIFICATION
                       [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 50(2); Regulation 39(2)]


      To:                                                     (name and surname of chartered accountant).


      You are hereby informed that in terms of section 50(2) of the Immigration Act, 13 of 2002,
      you have incurred a fine to the amount of R8 000.00 for negligently producing an incorrect
      certification in respect of

      You are hereby required to pay the fine within seven days of the date of this notice. Should
      you fail to pay the said amount within the said period, you shall be liable to prosecution in
      terms of the provisions of section 49(16) of the Act.




      For Director-General              Date                                   Place:




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                     No. 37679   247




                             ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT


I acknowledge receipt of the original of this notice.




Signature of recipient of notice                    Date                                 Place




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
248   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                (DHA-1751) Form 44




                                      DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                         REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


              NOTICE OF ADMINISTRATIVE FINE INCURRED BY OWNER OR PERSON
                                         IN CHARGE OF CONVEYANCE
                         [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 50(3); Regulation 39(4)]


      To:                                                                 (owner or person           in   charge   of
      conveyance)


      *Identity Document/Passport number of owner or person                          in   charge of conveyance:



      Person in charge of conveyance
      Name and surname:
      Passport No                                           Identity No
      Residential and postal address of person in charge of conveyance:
      In the Republic (postal):                                      In the Republic (residential):




      Abroad (postal):                                               Abroad (residential):




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                   No. 37679   249




Owner/Employer's Details
Name and surname:
Name of Company:
Registration No. of conveyance:


Residential and postal address of employer (in the Republic and abroad):
In the Republic (postal):                                     In the Republic (residential):




Abroad (postal):                                              Abroad (residential):




You are hereby informed that in terms of section 50(3) of the Act you have incurred a fine to
the amount of R                       for contravening section 35(9) of the Act, for conveying
passengers listed below on conveyance number                                        on    /     /


You are hereby required to pay the fine within 30 days of the date of this notice. Should you
fail to pay the said amount you shall be liable to prosecution.



Signature of immigration officer          Date                                   Place:




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
250   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                    ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT


      I acknowledge receipt of the original of this notice.



      Signature of *owner/person in charge of conveyance                      Date

                                                                                LEFT THUMB PRINT




      Signature of witness                                                    Date


      *Delete whichever is not applicable




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                       No. 37679   251




                                                                                         DHA-1775 Form 45




                               DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                  REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


        NOTICE OF ADMINISTRATIVE FINE INCURRED BY OWNER OR PERSON
                                 IN CHARGE OF CONVEYANCE
                [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 50(4); Regulation 39(5)]


To:                                                        (owner or person in charge of conveyance)

You are hereby informed that in terms of section 50(4) of the Act you have incurred a fine to
the amount of R                        for contravening section 35(2) of the Act, for failure to-*
(a)   Electronically transmit the information contemplated in Regulation 33(2) in respect of
      passengers and / or crew listed below on conveyance number
      on                         within the prescribed period; or
(b)   Adhere to the boarding advice issued by the Director-General in terms of section
      35(2)(c); or
(c)   Transmit accurate information.

You are hereby required to pay the fine within 30 days of the date of this notice. Failure to
pay the said amount will render you liable to prosecution




Signature of Authorised official                    Date                                  Place:

*Delete whichever is not applicable

This fine is issued in respect of the following persons/ information




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
252   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                    ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT
                  (To be returned to the Department within a period of three days)


      I acknowledge receipt of the original of this notice.



      Signature of *owner/person in charge of conveyance                      Date




      *Delete whichever is not applicable




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                            STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679   253




                                                                                                   (DHA-) Form 46




                                    DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                       REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                             APPLICATION FOR THE ISSUE OF PROOF OF
                          PERMANENT RESIDENCE OR EXEMPTION STATUS
                                                  [Regulation 25]


1.         PARTICULARS OF APPLICANT


     (a) Surname
     (b) Christian names/Forenames
     (c) Date of birth
     (d) Maiden surname and all other surnames by which previously known


     (e) Number and date of permit for residence (immigration permit) or, if not available, year in
     which you applied for permanent residence
     (f)    Any reference number (Home Affairs/Immigration)
     (g) Date of first arrival in South Africa
     (h) Identity number
     (i)    Passport number
     (j)    Nationality at birth
     (k) Present nationality
     (I)    Postal address
     (m) Telephone No : 1. Work                                               2. Home
     Cellphone No                                            E-mail address'




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
254   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      2. IMPORTANT : PARTICULARS OF APPLICANT'S FAMILY MUST BE FURNISHED. IF
      MARRIED TO SOUTH AFRICAN CITIZEN, PROOF TO BE PROVIDED E.G. COPY OF
      MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE / ID

                            Surname and                                      Immigration
                             forename(s)           Date of birth             permit number, if   Nationality
                                                                             available


        Wife/husband


        Parents
        (of applicant):
        (i) Father


        (ii) Mother:




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                 STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                No. 37679   255




3. DETAILS OF PREVIOUS COUNTRIES OF RESIDENCE AND EMPLOYERS.
   IF THE EMPLOYER WAS: (A) AFFILIATED TO AN SOUTH AFRICAN COMPANY
   (B) AN INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATION OF WHICH THE STATE IS A MEMBER
   (C) OR IF YOU WERE SECONDED BY THE SOUTH AFRICAN GOVERNMENT,
   PLEASE PROVIDE PROOF.


 From - To            City / Town                   Country                     Employer




 I declare that the information furnished on this form is correct.




             Signature of applicant                                     Date:


 NOTE: The completed form must be signed before an official of the
 Department of Home Affairs, a Local Magistrate's office or the SA Police. It
 will be necessary for you to identity yourself to the interviewing officer by
 means of your passport or Identity document.


 A separate form must be completed in respect of each person requiring proof
 of permanent residence. Copies of permits for Permanent Residence are NOT
 issued.


 *   If this form is completed the Department's records will be consulted with a
 view to furnishing a certificate confirming that permanent residence has been
 granted. A FEE IS PAYABLE.


4. FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY




                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
256   No. 37679                  GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




        The applicant was identified from Passport/Identity Document number


        Signed before me at                                on                                20




                       Full names and surname


                                                                         OFFICIAL DATE
                  Signature and designation                              STAMP




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                    STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                    No. 37679   257




                                                                                   DHA- Form 47




                                 DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                   REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                                  APPLICATION FOR EXEMPTION
                                [Section 31(2)(b) and regulation 28]

Reference Number

PERSONAL DETAILS OF APPLICANT


1.1 Title:             1.2 Surname:

1.3 First names (s):

1.4 Maiden name (if applicable):

1.5 Other former surnames:

1.6 Date of birth:                       1.7 Country of birth:

1.8 Nationality at birth                                           1.9 Present Nationality:


1.10 Passport No:                        Expiry date:                   Issued by (Country):

1.11 Marital Status:                            Date:

1.12 Present Residential Address:

1.13 Postal Address:

1.14 Tel. No: Home:                                                    Work:




                       This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
258   No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




             Cell:                                     E-mail Address:

      1.15 Occupation:

      1.16 Type of temporary permit held (if applicable):

      1.17 Valid until:                                        Issuing office:

      1.18 Date and place where you entered the RSA:


       2.   DETAILS OF APPLICANTS SPOUSE (If applicable):

            Title:                            Surname:
            Maiden name:                                      First names:
            Place of birth:                                         Country:
            Nationality at birth:
            Date of Birth:                                       Passport Number:

       3.   DETAILS OF CHILDREN ACCOMPANYING YOU:

              Surname         First        Date      Relationship Country                Present       Occupation
                              names        of                            and             nationality
                                           birth                                   of




      4. EMPLOYMENT RECORD OF APPLICANT (to cover full period of employment):

                                                                From                To
                                      Tow




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   259




                                                                                  2
5. DETAILS REGARDING APPLICANT AND (if applicable) SPOUSE AND CHILDREN:

       Have you or any of your dependants accompanying you ever been convicted of any
       crime?
       Is   a criminal or civil case pending against you or any of your dependant
       accompanying you?
       Are you or any of your dependants suffering from tuberculosis or any other infectious
       or    contagious    disease    or    any      mental   or    physical    deficiency?



       Are you a member of or adherent to an association or organisation advocating the
       practice of social violence, or racial hatred?

If you replied to any of the questions above in the affirmative, please furnish full details.

6. REASONS FOR EXEMPTION REQUEST




NOTE: Any incorrect or misleading information or false documents furnished in
support of this application may result in the application being rejected or if
discovered after the issuing of the waiver the applicant shall not be allowed to
sojourn in the Republic.


I/We the undersigned, declare that the details reflected in this application and supporting
documents are true and correct and that it is my/our intention to reside/ work in the
Republic.   I   undertake to inform the Department of any change of address whilst the
application is being processed, with the understanding that in the event of failure to do so
the Department will not be responsible for any breakdown in communication. I/we,
furthermore, undertake to inform the Department of any change in relevant information or
circumstances that could influence the outcome of this application.




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
260   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Signature of applicant:                                     Date:


      FOR OFFICIAL USE;


      Application checked and all supporting documents verified.
      Application tracked and traced.




      Signature of official accepting the application                                 Official stamp
      (Department of Home Affairs)



      Surname and full forename(s):
      Persal No:                                        Designation:




      PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING


      In providing for the regulation of admission of foreigners to and their residence in the
      Republic, the Immigration Act, 2002 (Act No 13 of 2002), inter alia, aims to promote
      economic growth through the employment of needed foreign labour which does not
      adversely impact on existing labour standards and rights and expectations of South African
      workers.

      In terms of section 31(2)(b) of the Immigration Act, 2002 (Act No 13 of 2002), Upon
      application, the Minister may under terms and conditions determined by him or her grant a
      foreigner or a category of foreigners the rights of permanent residence for a specified or
      unspecified period when special circumstances exist which would justify such a decision.

      In order to satisfy the Minister that the issuing of an exemption to a foreigner would promote
      economic growth and would not be to the disadvantage of South African citizens or permanent
      residents, the following documents have to accompany this application:
      (a)    A letter signed by the applicant citing reasons for the exemption and a comprehensive
             motivation for each reason provided.




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   261




(b)   A copy of the applicant's curriculum vitae.
(c)   A copy of the applicant's passport and all temporary residence permits affixed therein.
(d)   A copy of the employment contract signed by both the employer and the employee, if
      applicable.
(e)   Background on the company/institution for record purposes.
(f)   Any other information that would assist the Minister to make an informed decision
      when considering an exemption




                   This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
262   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                 DHA- Form 48




                                      DEPARTMENT OF OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                         REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                     APPLICATION FOR WAIVER OF PRESCRIBED REQUIREMENTS
                                          [Section 31(2)(c) and regulation 29]


      REFERENCE NUMBER



      PERSONAL DETAILS OF APPLICANT



      1.1 Title:             1.2 Surname:

      1.3 First names:

      1.4 Maiden name (if applicable):

      1.5 Other former surnames:

      1.6 Date of birth:                                  1.7 Country of birth:

      1.8 Nationality at birth
      1.9 Present Nationality:

      1.10 Passport No:                  Expiry date:                     Issued by (Country):

      1.11 Marital Status:                                                       Date:

      1.12 Present Residential Address:




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                  STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   263




1.13 Postal Address:



1.14 Tel. No.: Home:                                         Work:

      Cell:                              E-mail Address:

1.15 Occupation:

1.16 Type of temporary permit held (if applicable):

1.17 Valid until:                                Issuing office:

1.18 Date and place where you entered the RSA:


2.   DETAILS OF APPLICANTS SPOUSE (If applicable):

     Title:                      Surname:
     Maiden name:
     First names:
     Place of birth:                                         Country:
     Nationality at birth:                                   Date of Birth:
     Passport Number:

3.   DETAILS OF CHILDREN ACCOMPANYING YOU:

                                                               Country
                     names                                     and place
                                    birth                      of Mirth




                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
264   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      4. EMPLOYMENT RECORD OF APPLICANT (to cover full period of employment):

          Name of employer        Address:                    From               To            Nature of work
                                  Town/City




                                                                                       2
      5. DETAILS REGARDING APPLICANT AND (if applicable) SPOUSE AND CHILDREN:

             Have you or any of your dependants accompanying you ever been convicted of any
             crime?
             Is   a criminal or civil case pending against you or any of your dependant
             accompanying you?
             Are you or any of your dependants suffering from tuberculosis or any other infectious
             or contagious disease or any mental or physical deficiency?
             Are you a member of, or adherent to an association or organisation advocating the
             practice of social violence, or racial hatred?

          If you replied to any of the questions above in the affirmative, please furnish full details.

      6. SECTIONS OF THE REGULATION THAT MUST BE WAIVED




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                 STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                          No. 37679   265




NOTE: Any incorrect or misleading information or false documents furnished in
support of this application may result in the application being rejected or if
discovered after the issuing of the waiver the applicant shall not be allowed to
sojourn in the Republic.

I/We the undersigned, declare that the details reflected in this application and supporting
documents are true and correct and that it is my/our intention to reside/ work in the
Republic.  undertake to inform the Department of any change of address whilst the
           I



application is being processed, with the understanding that in the event of failure to do so
the Department will not be responsible for any breakdown in communication. I/we,
furthermore, undertake to inform the Department of any change in relevant information or
circumstances that could influence the outcome of this application.




Signature of applicant:                                Date:



FOR OFFICIAL USE;


Application checked and all supporting documents verified.
Application tracked and traced.



                                                                                    Official stamp
Signature of official accepting the application
(Department of Home Affairs)


Name and Surname:
Designation:                                                   Persal No:




PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING
In providing for the regulation of admission of foreigners to and their residence in the
Republic, the Immigration Act, 2002 (Act No 13 of 2002), inter alia, aims to promote
economic growth through the employment of needed foreign labour which does not
adversely impact on existing labour standards and rights and expectations of South African
workers.




                    This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
266   No. 37679                    GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Temporary residence permits
      In order to satisfy the Director-General that the issuing of a work permit to a foreigner would
      promote economic growth and would not be to the disadvantage of South African citizens or
      permanent residents, documentary proof must be submitted that a diligent search had been
      done and that the employer had been unable to employ a local candidate with qualifications or
      skills and experience equivalent to those of the applicant. This requirement is satisfied by
      means of an advertisement in the national printed media, which would afford South African
      citizens and permanent residents the opportunity to compete for the position.

      In terms of section 31(2)(c) of the Act, the Minister may, for good cause, waive any
      prescribed requirement or form. Should a foreigner thus not be able to comply with the above
      requirements, he/she or the employer may request the Minister to exempt the applicant from
      submitting the relevant document(s). The following documents have to accompany this
      application:
      (a)   A letter signed by the employer, citing the requirements to be waived and a
            comprehensive motivation for each requirement.
      (b)   A copy of the applicant's curriculum vitae.
      (c)   A copy of the applicant's passport and all temporary residence permits affixed therein.
      (d)   A copy of the employment contract signed by both the employer and the employee.
      (e)   Background on the company/institution for record purposes.

      Should the request be considered favourably, a letter will be forwarded to the applicant or
      his/her employer, which has to be submitted with the application and remaining requirements at
      the nearest Regional Office of the Department or South African foreign office if the applicant is
      still abroad.

      Permanent residence permits
      In terms of section 31(2)(c) read with section 27 of the Immigration Act, 2002 (Act No 13 of
      2002), and the permanent residence application form BI-947, the Minister may, for good cause,
      waive any prescribed requirement or form. Should a foreigner thus not be able to comply with
      any of the requirements, he/she may request the Minister to exempt the applicant from
      submitting the relevant document(s). The following documents have to accompany this
      application:

      (a)   A letter signed by the applicant, citing the requirements to be waived and a comprehensive
            motivation for each requirement.
      (b)   A copy of the applicant's curriculum vitae.
      (c)   A copy of the applicant's passport and all temporary residence permits affixed therein.
      (d)   A copy of the employment contract signed by both the employer and the employee. if
            applicable.
      (e)   Background on the company/institution for record purposes.
      (f)   Business Plan, Bank or financial statements, if applicable
      (g)   Recommendation from the Department of Trade and Industry, if the application is made in
            respect of a business being conducted in the Republic.




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                   STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                No. 37679   267




                                                                                          DHA- Form 49




                               DEPARTMENT OF OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                  REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
                                         NOTICE OF APPEAL
                       [Section 8(4) and (6); read with regulation 7(3)]


                                                     REFERENCE NUMBER:


To:        The DIRECTOR-GENERAL

I hereby wish to apply for review or appeal in terms of section 8(4) or 8(6) of the Immigration
Act, 2002 (Act No 13 of 2002) as amended.


FOR OFFICIAL USE

1. Office of application

2. Date of Appeal application



                          IMPORTANT:PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
      1. To be completed in detail in English. Please print in black ink.
      2. The completed form must be accompanied by the relevant documents, in support of
         your appeal.
      3. Applicant (s) advised to keep copies of all documentation submitted for appeal.
      4. Attach copy of the rejection letter.




PERSONAL DETAILS OF APPLICANT

Surname:
Forenames (s):




                      This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
268   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




      Date of birth:                             Country of birth:
      Nationality:
      Passport number:
      Present residential address:




      Contact details:
      Tel:                                        Cell number:
      E-mail address:
      Date when you received the rejection letter:
      Reason (s) for appeal:




      SIGNATURE OF APPLICANT:                                                           DATE:
      SIGNATURE OF OFFICIAL ACCEPTING THE APPLICATION
      NAME AND SURNAME
      DESIGNATION:




                                                                                              Official stamp




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                                                             STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                                                                                             No. 37679               269




                                                                                             REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
                                                                                            DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS                                                                                                 (DHA-) Form 50


       i'
                                                                                            CHANGE OF ADDRESS

                                                                                 Immigration Act, 2002 (Act No. 13 of 2002)
                                                                                                          [Regulations 40]                                                                                         Bar Code

Important - Please read this information carefully before you complete this form. If you intend to change your residential address or contact details for more than
14 days while your application is being processed or after being granted a visa or permit, you must inform the Department of Home Affairs of your new residential
address or contact details prior to moving, and how long you will be staying at the new address. PLEASE ATTACH A COPY OF YOUR PASSPORT AS WELL
AS A COPY OF YOUR VIS OR PERMIT ISSUED IN TERMS OF THE IMMIGRATION ACT, 2002.
A. APPLICANTS DETAILS

Passport number                                  1
                                                                 I   I   I   I
                                                                                        1
                                                                                                  I   I              I       I
                                                                                                                                         I
                                                                                                                                                               Visa / Permit No.                                   1     1   1   1




Surname                                  [       I       I       11111                                I          I   I   11[111111-1                                                         I               1     1111
Forenames (in full)                      [                       1   1   1   1          1                        1   1   1       1   1-          1         I      I             TI               1   1       1     1     1   1   1      1




Place of birth                                                           1111                                    I   l   11F-11111Th 1                                                           11                11
                                                                                                                     l 111111111
                                                 1               1                                    I                                                                                      1               1                   1




Country of birth                                 11              1
                                                                     1
                                                                         1111                         I          I
                                                                                                                                                                                                 11          l     11        I   I

Residential address           Street 1           I




                                                                                                                         IITI
                                                                                                                                                                      1I I IIII
                                                                 1       I   I          I         I                      I       I       1       I   I     I      I       I      I               I   I             I     I       I



                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TI
                                                                                                                         IIrI                                     f T 1- 1
                              Street 2           I
                                                                         1   1      1             1                                                        1                                 I           I                   I   1




                      Town/Village
                                                                             1      1             1                                                        I                                             I                       I



                      Province                                                                                                                                                                                    Code
                                                                                                                         I                                 I


Telephone no., incl. area code               I
                                                                         1   II                                                                          Cell phone no.L                     I   I   I                   I   1




E-mail address
                                                                                                                                                 1                               I               1   I



B. NEW ADDRESS:
Residential address           Street 1       I
                                                                                                  I   I          I       I                                 I          I                  II              II                  I   I



                              Street 2

                      TownNillage

                         Province
                                             I           I



                                                                     III I                        1




                                                                                                                 III I   1




                                                                                                                                                 I         1
                                                                                                                                                                      1




                                                                                                                                                                      11
                                                                                                                                                                                         1   1   1




                                                                                                                                                                                             11111
                                                                                                                                                                                                         1         I




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Code
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I   II
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1




                                                                                                  1                      I                                        1   1         1        1
                                                                                                                                                                                             I                                   I




Period of intended                           1                                      1             I                  I       1           1                        1   1                  1           I                   I



C. NEW CONTACT DETAILS:
Telephone no., incl. area code                                                                                                                           Cell phone no.'
                                             1           1       1   1   1   1      1                 I                                                                              1       1   1   1   1         1         I   1      1




E-mail address
                                             I           I       I       I          I             I              I   I       I           I                        I                  I           I   I                   I              I

D. DECLARATION / OATH / AFFIRMATION

 I,                                                                               (the informant), hereby declare under oath/ affirm that the information submitted in
this Affidavit is true and correct, and I understand that a false statement is punishable under section 49(16) of the Immigration Act 13 of 2002.




                   Signature                                                                                                                                                  Signature
E. OFFICE USE ONLY                                                                                                                                                                                                                           i
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I
APPLICATION RECEIVED AND CAPTURED BY:

Surname                                              I               I   I   I                                                       I




                          111111111111111111
                          1       1      1   1               1                      1         1       1      1       1   1   1               1

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Office stamp                i
Initials

Persal number             1111111




                                                     This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
270     No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014



                                                  ANNEXURE B
                                MINIMUM STANDARDS OF DETENTION
                                   [Section 34(1)(e); Regulation 33(5)]


  1.      Accommodation
  (a)      Detainees shall be provided accommodation with adequate space, lighting, ventilation,
          sanitary installations and general health conditions and access to basic health facilities.
  (b)      Every detainee shall be provided with a bed, mattress and at least one blanket.
  (c)      Male and female detainees shall be kept separate from each other: Provided that this
           does not apply to spouses.
  (d)      Detained minors shall be kept separate from adults and in accommodation appropriate to
          their age: Provided that minors shall not be kept separate from their parents or guardians:
           Provided further that unaccompanied minors shall not be detained.
  (e)      Detainees of a specific age, or falling in separate health categories or security risk
           categories, shall be kept separate.
  (f)     There may be a deviation from the above standards if so approved by the Director..
           General at a particular detention centre: Provided that such a deviation is for purposes of
           support services or medical treatment: Provided further that there shall not be any
           deviation in respect of sleeping accommodation.


  2.       Nutrition
  (a)      Each detainee shall be provided with an adequate balanced diet.
  (b)     The diet shall make provision for nutritional requirements of children, pregnant women
           and any other category of detainees whose physical condition requires a special diet.
  (c)     The medical officer may order a variation in the prescribed diet for a detainee and the
           intervals at which the food is served, when such variation is required for medical reasons.
  (d)      Food shall be well prepared and served at intervals not less than four and a half hours
          and not more than 14 hours between the evening meal and breakfast during a 24 hour
           period.
  (e)      Clean drinking water shall be available at all times to every detainee.


  3.       Hygiene
  (a)      Every detainee shall keep his or her person, clothing, bedding and room clean and tidy.
  (b)     The Department shall provide the means to comply with item 3(a).




                            This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
             STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                             No. 37679   271




This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
272   No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




  NOTICE - CHANGE OF TELEPHONE NUMBERS: GOVERNMENT PRINTING WORKS

  As the mandated government security printer, providing world class security products and services,
  Government Printing Works has adopted some of the highly innovative technologies to best serve its
  customers and stakeholders. In line with this task, Government Printing Works has implemented a
  new telephony system to ensure most effective communication and accessibility. As a result of this
  development, our telephone numbers will change with effect from 3 February 2014, starting with
  the Pretoria offices.

  The new numbers are as follows:

            Switchboard      :         012 748 6001/6002

            Advertising                012 748 6205/6206/6207/6208/6209/6210/6211/6212

            Publications Enquiries : 012 748 6052/6053/6058 GeneralEnquiries@gpw.gov.za

                          Maps         : 012 748 6061/6065 BookShop@gpw.gov.za

                          Debtors      : 012 748 6060/6056/6064 PublicationsDebtors@gpw.gov.za

                        Subscription : 012 748 6054/6055/6057 Subscriptions@gpw.gov.za

            SCM                        012 748 6380/6373/6218

            Debtors                    012 748 6236/6242

            Creditors                  012 748 6246/6274




  Please consult our website at www.gpwonline.co.za for more contact details.

  The numbers for our provincial offices in Polokwane, East London and Mmabatho will not change at
  this stage.




      Printed by and obtainable from the Government Printer, Bosman Street, Private Bag X85, Pretoria, 0001
                              Publications: Tel: (012) 748 6052, 748 6053, 748 6058
                  Advertisements: Tel: (012) 748 6205, 748 6208, 748 6209, 748 6210, 748 6211
                              Subscriptions: Tel: (012) 748 6054, 748 6055, 748 6057
          Gedruk deur en verkrygbaar by die Staatsdrukker, Bosmanstraat, Privaatsak X85, Pretoria, 0001
                               Publikasies: Tel: (012) 748 6052, 748 6053, 748 6058
                   Advertensies: Tel: (012) 748 6205, 748 6208, 748 6209, 748 6210, 748 6211
                              Subskripsies: Tel: (012) 748 6054, 748 6055, 748 6057



                                                                                                     37679—1
                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
