128   No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                               (DHA-84) Form 11




                                    DEPARTMENT OF HOME AFFAIRS
                                     REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA


                   APPLICATION FOR PORT OF ENTRY VISA OR TRANSIT VISA
                   [Section 7(1)(g) read with section 10A and 10B; Regulation 8(1)]


      NB: A SEPARATE APPLICATION FORM MUST BE COMPLETED IN RESPECT OF
      EACH ACCOMPANYING FAMILY MEMBER.

 PERSONAL PARTICULARS

  Surname:


  First names (in full):


  Maiden name:


  Previous surname(s):


  Date of birth:
                                Y      YY\M MDD                                      Country of birth:



  Gender (write in full)


                                                           If acquired by naturalisation, state original
  Nationality:                                             nationality:


  Where and when was present nationality obtained:




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                 No. 37679   129




Passport/Travel Document Number:                       Issuing authority:

                                                       Date of expiry:


Type of document:
Diplomatic/Official/Ordinary Passport/ Travel
document/other (specify)




 Permanent residential address in country of normal residence




 Period resident at this address:

 Country of permanent residence:                       Telephone number: (                   )


                                                       Home telephone No

                                                       Cellphone No

                                                       E-mail address.




Period resident in that country:



Occupation or profession:


Name of Employer, University Organisation.
Address:


Telephone No                                          Fax No




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
130    No. 37679                     GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




  If self-employed, state name, address, telephone no. and nature of business:

 Name of business:
 Address:
 Telephone No                                                 Fax No.:


  Marital status:     Never              Married             Widowed               Separated     Divorced
                      married

  First name(s) of spouse:

  Maiden name

  Date and place of
  marriage
                         Y      Y   Y     Y       M     N/    D          D

  Date of birth of                                                              Nationality
  spouse:                                                                       ....

 VISIT TO SOUTH AFRICA

  Expected date of arrival in the Republic: YY                                MM                        DD.


  Place of arrival.                                          Purpose of visit:
  Duration of stay (months, weeks or days)
  Number of entries required:
      Single
      Two
       Multiple


  Proposed residential address (physical) in the Republic, including the full name(s) of your host or
  hotel:
      Residential (physical) Address in the Republic:




  Name of Host or Hotel:
      Telephone of Host or Hotel:




                             This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                   No. 37679   131




  Names of Organisations or persons you will be contacting during your stay in the Republic:

  Name                                            Address                                    Relationship




Identity document number or permanent residence permit number of South African host, where
applicable:
 Indicate by means of an X whichever is applicable
 Have you at any time applied for a permit to settle permanently in the                      Yes       No
 Republic?
 Have you ever been restricted or refused entry into the Republic?                           Yes       No
 Have you ever been deported from or ordered to leave the Republic?                          Yes       No

 Have you ever been convicted of any crime in any country?                                   Yes       No
 Is a criminal action pending against you in any country?                                    Yes       No
 Are you an unrehabilitated insolvent?                                                       Yes       No
 Are you suffering from tuberculosis or any other infectious or contagious                   Yes       No
 disease or any mental or physical deficiency?
 Have you ever been judicially declared incompetent?                                         Yes       No
 Are you a member of, or adherent to an association or organisation                          Yes       No




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
132   No. 37679                   GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




 advocating the practice of social violence or racial hatred or are you or have
 you been a member of an organisation or association utilizing crime or
 terrorism to pursue its ends?
 Give particulars if reply to any of the questions above is in the affirmative:




 In the case of an official visit, submission of a Note Verbale.

 In the case of a diplomat placed in the Republic, proof of placement.

 To be completed only by passengers in transit to another country:

 Destination after leaving the Republic:

 Mode of travel to destination:

 Intended date and port of departure from the Republic to that destination:

 Do you hold a visa or permit for temporary or permanent residence in the country of your
 destination? (Proof must be submitted)




                          This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                                  No. 37679   133




I

     (surname and name of applicant) declare that
     the above details provided by me are true in substance and in fact and that I fully
     understand the meaning thereof;
     I understand that should my port of entry visa / transit visa / visitor's visa be approved, I
     would not be allowed to change my purpose of visit whilst in the Republic;
     I understand that if I need to extend my stay in the Republic for whatever reason, that
     such an application will only be accepted if it is submitted at least 30 days prior to the
     expiry date of my current visa; and
     I understand that if I depart from the Republic after the expiry date of my visa, that I
     would be declared an undesirable person and that I would not qualify for a visa or
     admission into the Republic for a period of at least



Signature of applicant                                                           Date



                                            FOR OFFICIAL USE

Approved/not approved by                   Type of visa:                        Reasons for decision:


on




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
134    No. 37679                      GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




DOCUMENTATION TO BE SUBMITTED IN SUPPORT OF A VISA NOT EXCEEDING A
PERIOD OF THREE MONTHS

                                                                                                   Attached

                                                                                                  Yes     No
      Valid passport which expires in no less than 30 days after expiry of the
      intended date of departure from the Republic
      Proof of sufficient financial means
      Proof of a valid return or onward ticket or purchase of ticket.
      Documentation outlining the purpose and duration of the visit, or a written
      invitation by the host(s) in the Republic, as the case may be.
      Where the applicant is attending an activity or event, a letter from the
      organisation under whose control the activity or event is taking place,
      confirming such attendance and whether or not the foreigner will be
      remunerated, and if remunerated, the amount of the remuneration
      In respect of a dependent child accompanying the applicant to or joining the
      applicant in the Republic-
      (a) proof of consent from one or both parents or legal guardian, as the
            case may be, in the form of a letter or affidavit;
      (b) Where applicable, a copy of a court order granting the applicant
            parental responsibilities and rights in respect of the child;
      (c)   A letter from the person who is to receive the child in the Republic,
           containing his or her residential address in the Republic where the child
           will be residing;
      (d) A copy of the identity document or valid passport and visa or permanent
            residence permit of the person who is to receive the child in the
           Republic; and
      (e) The contact details of the parents or legal guardian.




                              This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                        STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                              No. 37679   135




                                                                                                Attached

                                                                                               Yes     No
In respect of medical treatment for a period not exceeding three months-
 (a) A letter from the applicant's registered medical practitioner or medical
      institution within the Republic, confirming-
      (i) that space is available at the medical institution;
      (ii) the estimated costs of the treatment;
      (iii) whether or not the disease or ailment is curable;

             (iv) treatment schedule; and
             (v) the period of intended treatment in the Republic.
 (b)         Details of the person or institution responsible for the medical
         expenses and hospital fees: Provided that in the case where the
         applicant's medical scheme or employer is not liable for expenses
         incurred, proof of financial means to cover the medical costs.
 (c)     The particulars of the persons accompanying the applicant
 (d)     A valid return air flight ticket, where applicable
 (e)     Proof of sufficient financial means or provision for the costs indirectly
         related to the treatment.

In respect of studies for a period not exceeding three months-

(a) An undertaking by the Registrar or Principal of the learning institution
       to-
       (i)       provide proof of registration of the learning institution as
                contemplated in the relevant legislation, within 60 days of
                registration;
       (ii)     in the event of failure to register by the closing date, provide the
                Director-General with a notification of failure to register within 7
                days of the closing days of registration;
       (iii)    within 30 days, notify the Director-General that the applicant is no
                longer registered with such institution; and
       (iv)     within 30 days, notify the Director-General when the applicant has
                completed his or her studies or requires to extend such period of
                study.




                           This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
136    No. 37679                       GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, 22 MAY 2014




                                                                                                    Attached

                                                                                                   Yes     No
      In respect of short-term work to be undertaken in the Republic, a letter from
      the employer stipulating-
      (a)   the purpose or necessity of the work
      (b)   the nature of the work;
      (c)   qualification and skills required for the work;
      (d)   the duration of the work;
      (e)   the place of work
      (f)   duration of the visit;
      (g)   proof of remuneration or stipend that the foreigner will receive from the
            employer; and
      (h)   identity and contact details of the prospective employer or relevant
            contact person from the host institution.

DOCUMENTATION TO BE SUBMITTED IN SUPPORT OF A VISITOR'S VISA APPLICATION
FOR A PERIOD EXCEEDING THREE MONTHS

                                                                                                    Attached
                                                                                                   Yes       No
  Valid passport which expires in no less than 30 days after expiry of the
  intended date of departure from the Republic
  A yellow fever vaccination certificate, where applicable.
  A medical report.
  A radiological report.
  Marriage certificate or in the case of a foreign spousal relationship, proof of
  official recognition thereof issued by the authorities of the country concerned,
  If available.
  The affidavit where a spousal relationship to a South African citizen or
  resident is applicable, as well as documentation proving cohabitation and the
  extent to which the related financial responsibilities are shared by the parties
  and setting out the particulars of children in the spousal relationship.
  Divorce decree, where applicable.
  Court order granting full or specific parental responsibilities and rights, where
  applicable.
  Death certificate, in respect of late spouse, where applicable.
  Written consent from both parents and court order granting full parental
  responsibilities and rights parent, where applicable.




                               This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
                                      STAATSKOERANT, 22 MEI 2014                              No. 37679   137




                                                                                              Attached
                                                                                             Yes       No
Proof of legal adoption where applicable.
Legal separation order, where applicable.
Police clearance certificates in respect of applicants 18 years and older, in
respect of all countries where person resided one year or longer since having
attained the age of 18.
A yellow fever vaccination certificate, where applicable.
Proof of academic sabbatical, where applicable.
Proof of voluntary or charitable activities to be undertaken, where applicable
Proof of research to be undertaken, where applicable
In respect of an application by a person who is the spouse or dependent child
of the holder of a visa issued in terms of section 11, 13, 14, 15, 17, 18, 19, 20
or 22 of the Act, a certified copy of such holder's visa and a written
undertaking of financial responsibility for the applicant.
In respect a teacher at an international school, a contract of employment
signed by the employer and the applicant and a written undertaking of
financial responsibility for the applicant.
In respect of a person involved in the production of a film or advertisement in
the Republic, documentation confirming such production and the duration
thereof.
In respect of a foreign journalist seconded to the Republic by a foreign news
agency, documentation confirming such secondment and the duration thereof.
In respect of a visiting professor or lecturer, an invitation from the host in the
Republic.
In   respect of artists who wish to write, paint or sculpt, documentation
confirming the activity to be undertaken and the duration thereof.
In respect of a person involved in the entertainment industry who would be
travelling through the Republic to perform, confirmation thereof by the host in
the Republic
In respect of a tour leader or host of a tour, a contract of employment signed
by the employer and the applicant and a written undertaking of financial
responsibility for the applicant.




                         This gazette is also available free online at www.gpwonline.co.za
